https://web.archive.org/web/20150214123436/http://newsexaminer.net:80/entertainment/secret-service-agent-says-obama-is-gay-muslim

Paul Horner, Michael Davies, View All Posts, Mike C., Ronald Jenkins, Laura Davies, Paul Bonerville

Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Muslim & Gay In New Tell-All Book

Washington, DC — A former Secret Service agent whose new book is quickly climbing Amazon’s best-seller charts, said he is concerned about the state of the country and says it is time the public knows the real truth about our Commander in Chief, Barack Obama.

Former agent, Paul Horner, in his new tell-all book “The Black House,” reveals what goes on inside the White House when the news cameras are turned off.

In an interview with CNN, Horner told Victor Berman that he is one-hundred-percent positive that President Obama is not only gay, but a radical Muslim as well.

“Everyone on the inside knows that Obama is gay and a Muslim, it is common knowledge,” Horner said. “I saw many men coming and going from Obama’s room, at all hours. I would say a good portion of the men, over fifty-percent, were Muslim.”





Berman: “In your book you talk about several rituals Obama preformed to unwind from his busy schedule. Can you elaborate on these for our viewers?”

Horner: “When no one was around, except his security, Obama couldn’t wait to get out of his suit and into his Muslim tunic. He would wear it while praying to the prophet Muhammad throughout the day. During these prayer sessions he insisted that he not be disturbed.”

Berman: “Your book spends a whole chapter devoted to the various “tortures” that Obama and the First Lady would subject you to. Can you explain?”

Horner: “Because I was white, Obama would force me to listen to Diana Ross full volume, every day, at all hours of the night. It was horrible, I never got any sleep. This is one of the main reasons I finally had to quit.”





Berman: “Can you give us any insight on Obama’s feelings towards the American people?”

Horner: “He constantly made jokes about Americans, frequently referring to them as “mongoloids” and “idiots”. Christians were his favorite verbal punching bags. He has absolutely no respect for the Christian religion. I believe he actually hates Christians, and finds their ideology to be old fashioned and ignorant.”

Berman: What is one of the things readers will find the most shocking?

Horner: “Probably the sheer amount of men he welcomed into his bed quarters. I am in no way homophobic, but Obama’s insatiable lust for homosexual liaisons is like nothing I’ve ever witnessed. We’re talking 10-15 partners in a single day.”

To read more, pick up a copy of Horner’s book, The Black House, now available on Amazon and at your local bookstore.

VIDEO: Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Muslim & Gay In New Tell-All Book

