https://web.archive.org/web/20170207153836/http://thetrumpmedia.com:80/politics/mccain-blamed-sabotaging-trump



McCain Blamed For Sabotaging Trump

Senator John McCain should be supporting President Donald Trump and his Congressional peers in order to make America safe again but he obviously felt the need to go around the White House and call the Australian Ambassador to offer his “unwavering support.”, reports Angry Patriot.

McCain called the Australian ambassador, to pass on a message to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull that might be a violation of the Logan Act. The law prevents citizens from interfering in disputes the United States is having with foreign countries.

The Senator stated that Australia is one of America’s oldest friends and staunchest allies and in that spirit, he called Australia’s Ambassador to the United States to express his unwavering support for the U.S.-Australia alliance.

According to the Logan Act, any citizen of the United States who “without permission of the United States” either directly or indirectly “commences or carries on correspondence” with any foreign government or any officer of another government, to “influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer” in ongoing controversies or disputes with America, shall be fined or sent to prison for three years– or both.

McCain claimed that he asked Ambassador Hockey to convey to the people of Australia that their American brothers and sisters value our historic alliance, honor the sacrifice of the Australians who have served and are serving by our side, and remain committed to the safer, freer, and better world that Australia does far more than its fair share to protect and promote.

Even if McCain is still the sitting Senator from Arizona, that does not exempt him from the dictates of the Logan Act. Among the conflicting reports by CNN about the conversation between Trump and his Australian counterpart, Senator McCain called to offer his “unwavering support” to the foreign leader.

Former President Barack Obama created the deal shortly before leaving the office. Australia had denied access to the immigrants based upon security concerns and would not have refused entry to the refugees and detained them offshore without a valid reason. Both President Trump and Prime Minister Turnbull have denied any acrimony occurred during their phone call. Even if it had, that still does not mean that President Trump was not doing what he vowed to do, which is protecting America.

Tell us what you think about McCain action in the comments below.

Share this post if you believe that President Trump will protect America!

