thenationalmarijuananews.com/jimmy-carter-medical-marijuana-cured-my-cancer/

Richard Lowe, Richard Lowe Is A Veteran Of The Financial Sector With Licenses As A Commodity Broker, Series, Investment Advisor Representative, Iar Series . Along With A Focus On Raising Capital For The Firms He Was Employed With, He Also Wrote, Edited Much Of The Content Published Them. He Holds A Ba In Journalism The University Of Massachusetts. He Has Been A Longtime Advocate For Marijuana Legalization Due To The Social Injustices Associated With Marijuana Prohibition, The Strong Potential For The Medicinal Benefits Of Cannabis.

Jimmy Carter: “Medical Marijuana Cured My Cancer”

Cannasos reports:

By Jacqueline Austin

The Nobel winner thanked his doctors and family for their support through his brain cancerordeal. He also thanked Terrance ‘Scooby’ Williams of Dr. Green’s Greenery, a pot dispensary in Oakland, CA, for helping him find the right strain of cannabis.

Carter told his medicinal regiment to Sawyer“I smoke two joints in the morning, I smoke two joints at night, I smoke two joint in the afternoon, and it makes me feel all right.

“Edibles are also good when traveling when smoking is not permitted.”

The future is bright for the 91-year-old humanitarian. Carter has resumed his house building for Habitat for Humanity and continues his weekly prayer service. “Marijuana is God’s medicine. I find indica is better than sativa, but there are plenty of good hybrids.“

Carter wasn’t endorsing pot smoking for everyone. “There is the right place and the right time to spark up a bowl. Don’t be a pothead but also be aware of the potential benefits of cannabis when used in moderation with the right music.

“I was never of big fan of alcohol but weed is the medicine I need. It also revived my love for peanuts. Have you ever eaten a peanut… on weed?”

With legal weed available in Colorado and Washington State and several states likely to pass the legalization next November during the Presidential elections, Carter will help support the cause in California, Oregon, and Massachusetts.

“Help build a house for those that need one and peace and sex above all else. I forget, what were we talking about?”

[Satire]

