thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/292495-eric-trump-it-would-be-foolish-for-father-to-release-tax



Eric Trump: It would be 'foolish' for my dad to release tax returns

Eric Trump on Wednesday dismissed arguments that his father, Donald Trump Donald John TrumpLawmakers prep ahead of impeachment hearing Democrats gear up for high-stakes Judiciary hearing Warren says she made almost M from legal work over past three decades MORE, should release his tax returns, saying doing so would be "foolish."

ADVERTISEMENT

“You would have a bunch of people who know nothing about taxes trying to look through and trying to come up with assumptions on things they know nothing about,” Eric Trump said Wednesday on CNBC.

“It would be foolish to do. I’m actually the biggest proponent of not doing it.”

Donald Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, has faced criticism for refusing to release his tax returns.

He has repeatedly pushed back against calls to release the documents, saying he is under audit by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).

The IRS has said nothing prevents Trump from releasing his tax returns.

Eric Trump said on Wednesday that there is "no tax attorney in the world who will tell you to release your tax returns while you're under a standard routine audit."

He added, "You don't learn that much from a tax return.

"You learn a lot more when you look at somebody's assets. You know how many hotels we have around the world. You know how many golf courses we have around the world. You know every single building we have."

Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonWill the Horowitz report split the baby? Gabbard commemorates John Lennon's passing by singing 'Imagine' Bannon: Clinton waiting to enter 2020 race and 'save the Democratic Party from Michael Bloomberg' MORE last summer released her tax returns from 2007 to 2015, and this month she released her 2015 returns. Her running mate, Sen. Tim Kaine Timothy (Tim) Michael KaineKey House and Senate health leaders reach deal to stop surprise medical bills 'Granite Express' flight to take staffers, journalists to NH after Iowa caucuses Overnight Health Care — Presented by Johnson & Johnson — Senate panel approves Trump FDA pick | Biden downplays Dem enthusiasm around 'Medicare for All' | Trump officials unveil program for free HIV prevention drugs for uninsured MORE (D-Va.), also released 10 years of returns this month.

Trump's running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence Michael (Mike) Richard PencePence: It's not a 'foregone conclusion' that lawmakers impeach Trump Pence's office questions Schiff's request to declassify more material from official's testimony: report The House Judiciary Committee's fundamental choice MORE, has also said he plans to release his tax returns.

Democrats have seized on Donald Trump's refusal to release the documents. Clinton has hit Trump on the issue several times in the past, and her campaign released an ad earlier this month highlighting past remarks by the GOP nominee saying he would release his returns.

