https://web.archive.org/web/20170817042522/http://newsuptoday.com:80/bombshell-internet-sleuths-just-found-smoking-gun-dems-planning-violence-charlottesville



BOMBSHELL: Internet Sleuths Just Found the SMOKING GUN on Dems Planning Violence in Charlottesville

1k SHARES Share Tweet

Loading...

The media flurry after the confusing happenings in Charlottesville yesterday is fueling violence in this country and it appears that this is exactly what the Dems want.

Users on Reddit found a potential smoking gun Craigslist post seeking to hire protesters in Charlotte, North Carolina for “rallies to protests to corporate PR stunts to celebrity scenes.” See the posting and screenshot below:

“Crowds on Demand, a Los Angeles-based Public Relations firm specializing in innovative events, is looking for enthusiastic actors and photographers in the Charlotte, NC area to participate in our events. Our events include everything from rallies to protests to corporate PR stunts to celebrity scenes. The biggest qualification is enthusiasm, a “can-do” spirit. Pay will vary by event but typically is $25+ per hour plus reimbursements for gas/parking/Uber/public transit.

For more information about us, please visit www.crowdsondemand.com

If you’re interested in working with us, please reply to this posting with the following info:

-Full Name

-Prior relevant experience (as an actor/performer, photographer, brand ambassador, political activist, etc)

-When are you usually available for work?

-Resume (optional)

-If you’re a photographer, what equipment do you use?

-Are you ok with participating in peaceful protests (optional)?”

Loading...

This is highly suspicious and almost suggests that these people were being hired for the rally in Charlottesville this weekend to impersonate “white nationalists” and incite violence so it would look like they were at fault for the chaos.

Do you think this is a plausible theory? Let us know in the comments!

Related

Comments

comments

Loading...

