https://emsnews.wordpress.com/2017/09/26/head-of-nfl-fines-steeler-teammates-1-million-each/



Head Of NFL Fines Steeler Teammates $1 MILLION Each!



BREAKING: NFL Fines Pittsburgh Steelers $1m Each For Skipping National Anthem – YouTube

The hooey hit the fanbase. That is, when the NFL Black Lives Don’t Matter gang attacked patriotism and the US flag and most of the football fans, this blew up big time to the point, the frightened commissioner of this gang of thugs suddenly woke up and issued his first punishment for the people protesting at games: a million dollars each! I hope for two things: Villanueva is exempt plus since he was intimidated by both coach, the owner of the Steelers and fellow teammates, 50% of this fine should go to him! How about that?



Alejandro Villanueva apologizes for throwing Steeler teammates ‘under the bus’ – YouTube

Kim of North Korea is now running the NFL, it appears. The abject apology of this poor football player is backfiring very badly. People are twice as angry as before. Now, the hatred of the ‘other players’ who dissed the American flag is not gone away, either. They demanded everyone join them in being anti-patriotic and now this poor guy is doing exactly that. The NFL is now in dire straits. Like the DNC, they think they can impose their ideology on everyone else via force. Well, it isn’t working at all.

As I said above, Villanueva is the only member of that ‘team’ that stood up for America and he was then muscled by thugs threatening his life and livelihood and who forced him to do a miserable retraction of his good, patriotic deed. People are very angry at him for surrendering but then, he had everyone against him. Now, he should be rehabilitated, he needs a HUGE apology from the entire NFL leadership and his former teammates.

Fire chief apologizes for calling Steelers’ coach Mike Tomlin ‘n-word’ on Facebook | TribLIVE

Chief Paul Smith, who leads Cecil’s Volunteer Fire Department No. 2 in Muse, Washington County, posted the comment in response to the Steelers’ decision not to not take the field for the national anthem. “Tomlin just added himself to the list of no good n-words. Yes I said it,” Smith wrote in the post.Cecil’s board of supervisors said the comment was troublesome. “The Cecil Township Board of Supervisors is deeply disturbed by the comments made by volunteer Chief Smith, and in no way, shape or form condone his comments,” officials said in a written statement.

See? This man said something rash. He is immediately punished. The NFL players who decided to toss the US flag in the trash and attack the President for talking about their disrespect of the US voters and citizens…they should also be punished heavily, no? Of course! Liberals think PC punishment is a one way street.

They can cuss, swear, be abusive, harass and even physically attack fellow citizens and nothing is done to stop this! But anyone else says the wrong words and they lose their jobs and are punished in many ways. This is causing tremendous ire and is the #1 reason many voted for Trump.

Not One More Dime: NFL Stadiums Have Collected Over $1.1 Billion in Federal Subsidies – Time to Cut Them Off. Calls to stop the NFL gravy train is rising. Even if Goodell manages to muscle the teams into behaving themselves, it is not going to work for the fan base can see that the people playing the game really hate them and so this comrade business is kaput.

According to FOX Sports over the last 20 years, the American public has spent more than $7 billion dollars to build or renovate NFL stadiums, taking on 46 percent of the total costs of those projects. It’s time to cut them off. They don’t respect the country. Why should the country respect them?

The coach of the Steelers sponsored Hillary’s run for President. Note the loot she asked for, show up to see her, you had to pay $330000+. What a rip-off!

Pushing this pile of toothpaste back into the tube is impossible now. petition: CUT OFF ALL FEDERAL TAXPAYER SUBSIDIES TO NFL, PAYING BILLIONS TO LEAGUE. NO MORE . is one example.

NFL gives up tax exempt status – Apr. 28, 2015 which was about time. But they still suck off the public teat via moving teams around while making demands for freebies like free stadiums, etc. NFL gets billions in subsidies from U.S. taxpayers – Jan. 30, 2015 despite being ‘taxed’ lightly.

Stadium construction: Twenty new NFL stadiums have opened since 1997 with the help of $4.7 billion in taxpayer funds, according to an analysis by the advisory firm Conventions, Sports and Leisure. Local governments pony up to build these venues to attract or keep teams in their towns. Two more stadiums now under construction in Minneapolis and Atlanta are being built with $700 million in government funds. Taxpayers paid for most of the University of Phoenix Stadium, which opened in 2006 and is home to this Sunday’s Super Bowl — to the tune of about $300 million.

All this will go crashing down unless the team owners wake up and figure out who their audience really is. But then, the cities are being systematically destroyed…

