https://web.archive.org/web/20180102041621/http://info.nct.news:80/2017/12/30/breaking-fbi-just-raided-the-white-house-high-ranking-officials-thrown-out



BREAKING: FBI Just Raided The White House, 6 People Thrown Out

President Donald Trump has only been in office for a short time and he’s already caused so much anxiety to the country, including the intelligence community. Instead of continuing to be a punching bag though, one intelligence agency decided to fight back and they just sent Trump a message: they are watching him. In a twist right out of a Hollywood film, six White House staffers were escorted out of the White House for failing their background investigations. Here’s what WJ just reported:

“The staffers were escorted from the White house Wednesday for problems with their SF86 application, the ‘Questionnaire for National Security Positions.’ The 127-page document includes questions on the applicant’s credit score, medical records, employment history, family history, substance use and other personal subjects.”

The six staffers included the daughter of President Trump’s Florida campaign manager Caroline Wiles:

“Wiles, who resigned Friday before the background check was completed, was appointed deputy assistant secretary before the inauguration in January. She will instead get a job at the Treasury Department, sources told Politico.”

The form, called the SF86, is for anyone who is applying for a sensitive position in the U.S government. Depending on the level of clearance and the agency requesting it, information collected can go all the way back to the age of 18 and in some instances, a polygraph exam is required. Both the FBI and the CIA require polygraph exams for top secret positions.

It’s striking that Trump had already employed individuals who had not yet passed background investigations. It shouldn’t be surprising then that intelligence agencies are refusing to share information with his administration:

“Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, said in an interview with The Journal that the intelligence community considered protecting its sources and the people cultivating them to be ‘their most sacred obligation.’ Schiff added, referring to Trump: ‘I’m sure there are people in the community who feel they don’t know where he’s coming from on Russia.'”

Just as was the case with Michael Flynn who just recently resigned over his shady ties to Russia, you can bet that this administration is being closely watched.

Featured Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images

