https://web.archive.org/web/20180513145521/https://miamipost.co/2018/05/06/breaking-3-liberal-celebrities-arrested-for-conspiracy-to-assassinate-president-trump/



BREAKING: 3 Liberal Celebrities Arrested For Conspiracy To Assassinate President Trump

2.9k SHARES Share Tweet

In his rally in Pensylvania this past Saturday night President Trump made an interesting comment about First Lady Melania Trump.

The president mentioned the very first woman in the context of her role within his administration’s work in combating the opioid catastrophe and discussing “blue ribbon” study committees. To which he added that she’s a great first lady but her life isn’t simple.

It was a nice touch that the president mentioned the very first Lady since there’s been so much scrutiny in their union lately. Especially since the porn star Stormy Daniel is obviously trying to take attention off Donald and Melania’s strong marriage by placing it on her herself along with her sick affair asserts she has since recanted, but nevertheless won’t quit speaking about.

Daniels is making Melania look bad and the first woman is getting revenge by never giving into her attention-seeking ways with any reaction or attack, which the pornography celebrity probably wants considering she’s probably doing all of this for monetary gain and a wonderful book deal.

After all, it has to be hard being a washed-up porn star that will never be as well respected, well known, well liked and rich since Melania is.

Melania is keeping her class and elegance before the world in a very rough time. While at precisely the same time also showing she’s human and relatable by recognizing lifestyle is “not so simple.”

That’s a fact and leaves her relatable to us ordinary folk, it is not weakness, so it may very well be her greatest strength and the reason a lot people adore and respect her. Not sure you’ll be able to find 1 person who admires and would like to become Stormy Daniels.

Stormy, go crawl back into the cave you came out, no one here is interested in the accusations you are making which allegedly happened over a decade ago.

Via CBS News:

“It had been over a decade back from 2006 that, according to a Wall Street Journal expose published last week, porn celebrity Stephanie Clifford, aka Stormy Daniels, stated she’d slept with billionaire “Apprentice” host Donald Trump.

But outlets were chasing the story seemingly long before that.

InTouch magazine Wednesday released a seven-year-old interview with Clifford, in which she states she’d recurring sexual experiences with Mr. Trump after meeting him in July 2006.

“Whether you are a lover of his or not, which I never really was, you gotta admit he is pretty fascinating,” Clifford said in the 2011 interview that the magazine published Wednesday. “We had really great banter. He told me that I was a person to be reckoned with, smart and beautiful just like his daughter.”

It’s unclear with the publication didn’t operate with the interview at the time.

Jacob Weisberg, editor-in-chief of Slate, wrote an article in his book before this week also saying he spoke with Clifford about the alleged tryst at the moment, and between August and October 2016, before the election, the porn star was prepared to take her story people.

An old acquaintance of his in California was near a girl from the adult-film business who claimed to have had an affair with Donald Trump. I reached my friend’s buddy, who placed me in touch with the celebrity, who’s called Stormy Daniels.

Daniels…did really have a narrative about Trump, which she related to me in a series of phone conversations and text exchanges that took place between August and October of 2016.”

Three of Clifford’s friends told Weisberg that they were conscious of the alleged affair at that time. Weisberg also published the screenshot of an unsigned document Clifford allegedly sent to him 2016.

Clifford was worried Mr. Trump would not cover, and she wished to be reimbursed somehow if she talked out instead, Weisberg wrote. Then, Weisberg said she stopped responding to his efforts at communication. He never published anything regarding the claims before the election.

“Given what was going on in the final weeks of the campaign, during which Trump was facing a torrent of accusations of sexual abuse, I didn’t believe an extramarital affair could be a highly significant story,” Weisberg wrote.

More specifically, she said her attorney Keith Davidson, a Beverly Hills–based lawyer who specializes in claims against celebrities, had exercised the conditions with Trump’s lawyer Michael Cohen.”

Slate wasn’t the only book pursuing the story.

A Fox News reporter, according to a CNN report, was also pursuing the story about the alleged event. Fox News writer Diana Falzone in October 2016 allegedly filed a story that included an on-the-record announcement from Clifford’s supervisor at the time confirming the alleged event, also Falzone had viewed emails talking a settlement. However, Fox News shelved the narrative, according to the CNN report.

Clifford a week denied the affair asserts in a statement provided to CBS News.

“To whom it may concern, I recently became aware that certain news outlets have been alleging that I had a sexual or romantic affair with Donald Trump guy, many, many years ago. I am stating with complete consent that this is totally false.”

The buzz about “Stormy Daniels” — she was trending on Twitter Friday — has seemingly died down as fast as it came. In the very first White House press briefing since the Wall Street Journal report, not one reporter asked about the narrative.”

Featured Image Source H/T: ConservativePost

Like this: Like Loading...

