www.celebuzz.com/2017-03-04/is-kanye-west-heading-to-rehab/



Is Kanye West Heading to Rehab?

It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Kanye West is “headed for rehab,” reveals OK!. The publication notes that at his Yeezy show in New York, the rapper was so “heavily medicated” that he was “an absolute zombie” and “unsteady on his feet.” The magazine adds his team fears he’s “addicted” to pills. For how “scary” the situation is, see what West’s rep admits to Gossip Cop.

Angelina Jolie wants Brad Pitt back, reports OK!. The publication reveals, five months after Jolie left Pitt and took their six kids, “she’s desperately missing the life she left behind.” The magazine notes she now realizes how the actor was an “emotionally present, hands-on dad and partner.” For how Jolie plans to win Pitt back, go to Gossip Cop.

Scott Disick is writing a tell-all book exposing the Kardashians and Jenners’ secrets, reports Life & Style. The publication says he plans to make millions by penning a “chapter on each member of the family,” dishing on plastic surgery, divorces, drugs, and even “outing family members” who are gay. For the biggest shocker of Disick’s book, click over to Gossip Cop.

Jennifer Garner is secretly dating a mystery man following her split from Ben Affleck, reports In Touch. The magazine notes the relationship has heated up so much that Garner’s “ready to file for divorce” from Affleck and focus on her new romance. For who the mystery man is, and how serious Garner’s relationship has become, log on to Gossip Cop.

Kourtney Kardashian is having a baby with Justin Bieber, reveals OK!. The magazine says Kardashian, who goes to prayer sessions with Bieber, has “developed strong feelings” for the singer and thinks “Justin would make a great dad.” For when the reality star will announce her shocking baby news, see what a Kardashian insider leaks to Gossip Cop.

