au.be.yahoo.com/keith-urban-reportedly-gives-nicole-kidman-an-ultimatum-40021435.html

Rebekah Scanlan

Keith Urban gives Nicole Kidman ultimatum

Despite looking super loved up at the Academy of Country Music Awards last week, Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban's marriage is still under the microscope following multiple reports their marriage is on the rocks.

Now it's being claimed that Keith has given his famous wife an ultimatum, reportedly telling her to cut back on her heavy workload or their marriage is over.

"He really wants her to take time off so they can spend more time together as a family," an insider told NW magazine. "He knows they can get back to where they were if they work at it."

Keith Urban has reportedly giveb wife Nicole Kidman an ultimatum. The pair are pictured here together in January at the SAG Awards. Source: Getty More

Since March, the couple – who have been married for 12 years – have been rumoured to be struggling, with reports emerging that claim they're "over" and have already seen divorce lawyers.

They appeared to try to silence the split allegations with a PDA packed appearance at the ACM's.



Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban looked more loved up than ever before when attending the Country Music Awards in Las Vegas last week. Source: Getty More

Whether it was kissing, cuddling or holding hands, the celebrity couple turned up the PDA for the red carpet event. Source: Getty More

But the magazine insists things were tense between the two at the glitzy event when Nic asked her hubby if he would do a cameo on her Emmy-winning show Big Little Lies.

The couple tied the knot in 2006 in Sydney and have two children together: Sunday, nine, and seven-year-old Faith.

Nicole was previously married to Tom Cruise, but they divorced in 2001.

No signs of a breakup here, despite the mounting reports their marriage is in trouble. Source: Getty More

She has two adopted children with her ex-husband, a daughter, Bella, 25, and son Connor, 23

Be has reached out to Nicole and Keith's reps for comment.

Got a story tip? Send it to tips@yahoo7.com.au

Want more celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news? Follow Be on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram

