people.com/movies/brad-pitt-birthday/

Jodi Guglielmi, Linda Marx

Brad Pitt Turns 54! He's 'Doing OK' After Angelina Jolie Split and 'Casually Dating'

One year older, one year wiser.

Brad Pitt celebrated his 54th birthday on Monday, and a source tells PEOPLE the actor is doing well and taking better care of himself since his split from Angelina Jolie in September 2016.

“In a sense, this split was good for Brad because he sized himself up and realized there had to be changes,” an industry source tells PEOPLE.

While his divorce from Jolie is not yet final, the two are moving forward amicably and coordinating schedules so both can spend time with their six kids.

Image zoom Splash News Online

“Brad and Angie are doing OK, working out time for him to be with the kids which he treasures,” says the source.

Image zoom Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie in 2014 Kevin Mazur/WireImage

He’s also been “casually dating,” according to the source. “He has been going out but there is nothing serious in the dating area at all, nothing to speak of at this point,” adds the insider.

Pitt previously opened up about how he’s moving forward since announcing the end of his 12-year relationship and two-year marriage with Jolie. The War Machine actor said he’s been spending his time “keeping the ship afloat” and “figuring out the new configuration of our family” these days.

“Kids are everything,” he said of his six children — Maddox, 15, Pax, 13, Zahara, 12, Shiloh, 10, and twins Vivienne and Knox, 8. “Kids are your life. They’re taking all the focus, as they should anyway.”

And in a candid interview with GQ in May, the actor spent much of the chat talking about his transformation since his split from Jolie – including his healthy lifestyle changes.

“I was boozing too much,” he shared. “It’s just become a problem. And I’m really happy it’s been half a year now, which is bittersweet, but I’ve got my feelings in my fingertips again.”

He added, “Truthfully I could drink a Russian under the table with his own vodka. I was a professional. I was good.”

When asked how he simply stopped drinking, the Allied star said, “Don’t want to live that way anymore.”

RELATED: Brad Pitt Makes First Red Carpet Appearance Since Angelina Jolie Split at Allied Premiere

Pitt recently wrapped shooting the science-fiction thriller Ad Astra, opposite Tommy Lee Jones. In his spare time, the actor has also been trying his hand at sculpting. The solitude allows him to reflect and “try to make sense of where we are at this time,” he said.

“I remember literally having this thought a year, a year and a half ago; someone was going through some scandal,” he told GQ. “Something crossed my path that was a big scandal—and I went, ‘Thank God I’m never going to have to be a part of one of those again.’ I live my life, I have my family, I do my thing, I don’t do anything illegal, I don’t cross anyone’s path. What’s the David Foster Wallace quote? ‘Truth will set you free, but not until it’s done with you first.’”

Meanwhile, Jolie has spent her fall promoting her third film as director, the Cambodian Netflix drama First They Killed My Father (it was recently nominated for a Golden Globe), as well as the Globe-nominated animated film The Breadwinner, which she produced. She’s also been busy supporting her philanthropic causes. On Friday, the actress brought along four of her children to accompany her to the 2017 United Nations Correspondents Association Awards at Cipriani Wall Street, where Jolie was honored as the 2017 UNCA Global Citizen of the year.

