www.intouchweekly.com/posts/blac-chyna-pregnant-159039

In Touch Staff

Is Blac Chyna Pregnant With Boyfriend YBN Almighty Jay's Baby?

Does Blac Chyna have a bun in the oven?! The 29-year-old star has been making headlines as she and her much younger boyfriend, 18-year-old rapper YBN Almighty Jay, continue to step out together, but according to a new report by MTO News that was further confirmed by Page Six on April 30, Chyna is nearly three months pregnant with his baby.

Chyna sparked the pregnancy rumors when she and Jay were spotted at LAX on April 28, where fans thought she was sporting a bit of a bump, which she tried to cover up with a baggy sweatshirt. According to the report, Chyna flashed a smile at the paparazzi and even rubbed her stomach. In a recent interview, Jay admitted he wasn't wearing condoms, and that he wouldn't mind if Chyna got pregnant. "I don’t wear condoms," he said. "I would not want to f–k a bitch I did not want to get pregnant. If Chyna got pregnant, I would keep that s–t like ‘ohh daddy love you,’ I love that ass.’"

https://www.instagram.com/p/BgmfJ1Jlvs4/

If the news is true, it would be the pair's first child together, though Chyna is already a mom of two. She shares 16-month-old daughter Dream with her ex Rob Kardashian, and she also shares a five-year-old son named King with her ex, Tyga. Even though it seems like Chyna really enjoys motherhood, her co-parenting relationship with her exes aren't going as smooth. Rob and Chy may start battling it out soon for custody of Dream after Chyna was involved in a violent incident at an amusement park earlier this month. TMZ also stated that Rob doesn't want Chyna introducing Dream to all of the men that she dates unless she becomes involved in a long-term romance.

Chyna and Jay may have only been dating since February, but things seemed to have turned serious quickly. Just a few weeks ago, Jay posted an Instagram of Chyna with the caption, "Will You Marry Me?" It looks like Jay was just professing his love for his girlfriend, as Chyna hasn't been seen wearing a ring, and she's been staying silent on both the engagement and pregnancy rumors — though the speculation is only growing, as fans have started posting comments on her Instagram claiming that they see a baby bump.

On one of her most recent photos, one fan wrote, "I love the outfit, but… Chyna looks pregnant in this picture… I see her glow… I tried to hold it in and I can't," while another simply exclaimed, "I see a bump!!! Congratulations!!" It looks like we'll have to keep our eyes peeled to see whether or not Chyna really is expecting another little one.

