radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/06/abc-roseanne-barr-is-miserable-and-going-off-the-deep-end-two-weeks-after-firing/

Radar Staff, June

Roseanne Barr Is ‘Miserable’ and Going ‘Off the Deep End’ Two Weeks After Firing

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Roseanne Barr ‘Miserable’ & Going ‘Off the Deep End’ Two Weeks After Firing

Roseanne Barr ‘Miserable’ & Going ‘Off the Deep End’ Two Weeks After Firing

Roseanne Barr ‘Miserable’ & Going ‘Off the Deep End’ Two Weeks After Firing The comedian still has 'no self-awareness' about her racist remarks, says a source.

Roseanne Barr is still devastated two weeks after her racist Twitter rant led to the swift cancellation of her self-titled hit ABC show.

Though she tweeted she’s “fine” on June 13, Barr “is going off the deep end,” a source exclusively told RadarOnline.com, adding the comedienne’s behind-the-scenes meltdown is “worse than Kathy Griffin‘s.”

As Radar reported, CNN ended its deal with Griffin in May 2017 after she held a fake decapitated head resembling that of President Donald Trump. She then had an on-camera meltdown that had her friends and family worried she had become “unhinged.”

As for Barr, she’s still threatening to release emails of “support” by ABC and her co-stars, as Radar reported exclusively.

“Roseanne thinks her career is over and she’s never going to work again,” said the insider. “She’s being told by close friends and family not to release emails.”

“But others are telling her from a PR perspective that when Kathy went scorched earth she only ended up being exiled for nine months.”

Though she recently tweeted about gaining “insight” after her offensive tweets, the 65-year-old former TV star doesn’t really understand the gravity of her controversial comments that compared Valerie Jarrett, one of Barack Obama’s top advisers, to an ape.

“She still has no self-awareness about what she did, and is rationalizing everything,” added the insider.

“She’s trying to explain that it was all a joke, and she didn’t know it would hit so close to home.”

“She’s miserable and ranting and raving to friends, who are sick of it.”

“She’s angry and paralyzed about what to do.”

On the brighter side for her now unemployed costars, execs are planning a spinoff that will center around Sara Gilbert, who plays Darlene — Roseanne’s daughter — on the show.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

