www.stuff.co.nz/life-style/life/100753803/chris-martin-to-be-best-man-at-gwyneth-paltrows-wedding



Chris Martin 'to be best man at Gwyneth Paltrow's wedding'

If the rumours are true, Chris Martin may well be a best man at Gwyneth Paltrow's wedding.

Chris Martin is reportedly in line to take on best man duties at his ex-wife Gwyneth Paltrow's wedding to Brad Falchuk.

The Coldplay rocker has remained on good terms with Paltrow since the couple announced their separation in 2014, and they have regularly holidayed together with their children Apple, 13, and Moses, 11.

As a result, the Iron Man star and her fiance are apparently considering giving Martin an official role at their nuptials in accordance with her kids' wishes.



"Apple is really into the whole thing and wants to be chief wedding planner," a source close to the star told Heat magazine.

Mike Lawrie Martin is still on good terms with Paltrow after their 'conscious uncoupling' in 2014.

READ MORE:

* Gwyneth Paltrow confirms engagement

* Gwyneth Paltrow 'engaged to Brad Falchuk'

* Paltrow and Martin finalise divorce after 'conscious uncoupling'

"She thinks it's cool she gets to see her mum get married - she's demanding a white dress, bridesmaids, and a bouquet throwing extravaganza.

"She'd also like Chris to be best man, and Gwyn seems happy with all her suggestions. It might seem a bit odd, but Brad is open to it. He sees Gwyn as the arbiter of all that's progressive. Plus, he knows it'll make her kids happy."

Sunday brunch #modernfamily A post shared by Gwyneth Paltrow (@gwynethpaltrow) on Nov 26, 2017 at 12:59pm PST

The actress and Falchuk, a TV writer and producer who co-created Glee, announced their engagement earlier this month, confirming rumours that first surfaced in November.

"We feel incredibly lucky to have come together at this juncture in our lives when our collective successes and failures can serve as building blocks for a healthy and happy relationship," the couple shared in a joint statement announcing their plans to wed.

They have been dating since late 2014, shortly after Paltrow famously announced she and Martin were "consciously uncoupling".

Since he and his ex finalised their divorce in 2016, the "Clocks" singer has been spotted out on multiple dates with Fifty Shades of Grey actress Dakota Johnson.

