radaronline.com/exclusives/2017/12/angelina-jolie-brad-pitt-divorce-family-secrets/

Melissa Roberto, December

Angelina Jolie Brad Pitt Divorce Family Secrets

Angelina Jolie's Uncle Tells All On Family Secrets After Bitter Brad Pitt Divorce The actress is on 'solid ground' with her estranged family.

Strong-willed Angelina Jolie is known for cutting ties with her family – ex-husband Brad Pitt included. But after their tumultuous divorce, Jolie isn’t looking back in his direction. Jolie’s estranged uncle Chip Taylor exclusively revealed to RadarOnline.com secrets of Jolie’s post-Pitt life and what men she has reconnected with.

“It was out of the blue,” Taylor recalled to Radar, detailing the last time he saw Jolie in September. Taylor received a phone call from his brother and Jolie’s father, Jon Voight with a “last minute” invitation to Jolie’s premiere of First They Killed My Father in New York City.

“Jon called me and said, ‘Angie would like to know if you’d like to come tonight,'” Taylor continued. “I certainly wasn’t expecting it. It was very, very good to see her.”

Taylor dished to Radar that before the premiere, it had been “years and years” since he had seen or spoken to Jolie. He added the star-studded event was also a big step in Jolie’s reconciliation with her father.

“Jon says [his and Angelina’s relationship] is very nice,” Taylor spilled to Radar. “Their relationship is good and on solid ground. It seems like a happy period of time for him right now.”

What’s more is the brothers got to see Jolie’s six kids, Maddox, 16, Pax, 13, Zahara, 12, Shiloh, 11, and nine-year-old twins Knox and Vivienne in the flesh. Taylor revealed for the first time that they all seem to be in a “great” place.

And if Jolie’s still shaken up and bitter about her nasty split from Pitt in 2015, Taylor said she wasn’t showing it that night.

“She was very relaxed,” said Taylor. “It was warm and nice.”

Jolie, who Radar exclusively reported in November underwent a major makeover, directed and co-wrote the film. Her uncle said the undertaking is something the star “should be extraordinarily proud of.”

Taylor, who plans to remain in New York with his own immediate family for the holidays, was unsure of Jolie’s exact plans. Radar exclusively revealed that Jolie and Pitt could reunite for the holidays.

Though whatever happens, Taylor says Jolie is “on solid ground” with her family for the first time in several years.

“It’s a nice period of time,” Taylor said.

Do you think Jolie will ditch Pitt for the holidays? Sound off in the comments!

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

