www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4862870/Katie-Holmes-glows-confirming-Jamie-Foxx-romance.html

Heidi Parker For Dailymail.Com

Katie Holmes glows after confirming Jamie Foxx romance

Katie Holmes confirmed to the world that she was indeed dating Jamie Foxx when photos surfaced on Wednesday of her holding hands with the Oscar winner on the beach in Malibu.

Letting the cat out of the bag appears to be good for the actress' looks as the 38-year-old glowed when she attended the Adam Dalton Blake, Tiffany Huang, Ghazaleh Khalifeh fashion show in New York City the very next day.

The ex-wife of Tom Cruise was toned and tanned in a feminine black halter dress with a red and yellow floral pattern.

Showstopper: Katie Holmes glowed when she attended the Adam Dalton Blake, Tiffany Huang, Ghazaleh Khalifeh fashion show in New York City on Thursday

On top of the world: The Batman Begins star looked confident in her lovely dress that came in at the waist and had an A line skirt

The Batman Begins star looked confident in her lovely dress that came in at the waist and had an A line skirt.

She put her hands on her hips and also shot the camera a radiant look as shutterbugs snapped away.

The 5ft9in star added six inches to her frame with pointy black pumps.

Look at her now! The ex-wife of Tom Cruise was toned and tanned in a feminine black halter dress with a red and yellow floral pattern

Tall: The 5ft9in star added six inches to her frame with pointy black pumps. In the background were models on the runway

The Gift actress was also seen smiling as she arrived in a black SUV with her publicist Leslie Sloane.

Katie and Jamie looked very in love in the new photos that were taken in Malibu on Monday.

They held hands as they strolled on the beach, looking blissed out as they talked and giggled.

Good times: The Gift actress was also seen smiling as she arrived in a black SUV with her publicist Leslie Sloane

The lady is happy: Holmes stopped to smile for a photographer in the middle of the street

Flawless female: The Ice Storm actress showed off her toned arms and lean legs

The former Dawson's Creek star looked lovely in a summery blue patterned frock, while the Oscar-winning actor sported sweatpants and a T-shirt.

For years, the pair have dodged rumors that they were an item.

It has now been suggested that the pair have been keeping a lid on things as a clause in her Tom Cruise divorce settlement sees her receive £7million.

It's confirmed: Foxx and Holmes, who are believed to have been dating since 2013, finally appeared in public together as they enjoyed a day at the beach on Monday

Radar Online reported that Katie 'agreed not to publicly date another man for five years in exchange for £3.8million in child support and a £3.8million payment for herself' [writes The Sun].

An insider claimed: 'Katie signed a clause in her quickie divorce settlement that prevents her from embarrassing Tom in various ways, like talking about him or Scientology, or publicly dating another man for five years after the divorce.

'She’s allowed to date, but she cannot do so in a public fashion, and she’s not supposed to let any boyfriend near their daughter, Suri.

'My sweetie': Holmes shared a photo with daughter Suri on Wednesday

'[She] got $4.8 million in child support, plus another $5 million for herself.'

It's thought that Katie had agreed with former husband Cruise not to publicly date anyone for five years as part of their 2012 divorce settlement.

They were first linked romantically in August 2013, a little over a year after Katie divorced the Hollywood star after almost six years of marriage.

The actress split from the Top Gun superstar in 2012 after six years. Their romance was one the Hollywood's biggest headline makers after they got engaged in 2005 after just seven weeks of dating.

A year after the split, Katie and Jamie were photographed flirting and dancing together at a charity bash in The Hamptons.

So close: Katie and her little one together on Sunday at the Malibu Chili Cook-Off

On Wednesday Foxx refused to comment on his relationship with Katie as he was spotted out in Los Angeles.

However, the actor was all smiles and flashed a thumbs up when he was asked about the romance.

In a video obtained by Dailymail.com Jamie was asked if he and Katie were an item but chose to keep quiet on the matter.

The smile that says everything? Foxx refused to comment on his relationship with Holmes as he was spotted out in Los Angeles on Wednesday

Running errands: Wearing a white sweater and jeans the actor looked relaxed as he headed back to his car in the parking lot of his children's school

Grinning from ear to ear, Jamie greeted a fan who excitedly approached him to shake his hand in the video of him crossing the parking lot.

Wearing a white sweater and jeans the actor looked relaxed as he headed back to his car in the parking lot of his children's school.

'Dropping the kids off at school man' the Collateral star told reporters in the clip.

Normal dad: 'Dropping the kids off at school man' the Collateral star told reporters in the clip

He didn't want to say too much: Jamie is known for being private about his private life

On Wednesday afternoon Katie shared a photo where she was having a cute mommy and me lunch with Suri.

The Ray Donovan actress and the child, aged 11, she had with ex-husband Cruise laughed as they sat at an outdoor table in a restaurant.

The former Holmes & Yang fashion designer captioned her image: 'My sweetie.'

There appeared to be another person at the table who stepped away, leaving their glass of white wine and cell phone. That person could be Jamie Foxx.

