www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/meghan-markles-maid-honour-reveals-11625276

Zoe Shenton, Image, Getty Images North America, Rex Shutterstock, Instagram, Pa

Meghan Markle's maid of honour reveals 'real reason' her first marriage broke up

Get the biggest Royal Family stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Meghan Markle’s childhood best friend has revealed the real reason her first marriage broke up - and it wasn't a mutual decision.

Childhood pal Ninaki Priddy opened up about Prince Harry's fiancée, claiming her desire to be famous outweighed her commitment to her marriage to film producer Trevor Engelson.

Meghan married her ex back in 2011 on a Jamaican beach. They split two years later after she landed her role in Suits, which filmed in Toronto. Previously it was thought the pair grew apart after Meghan spent months filming in Canada and her beau was based in LA.

Ninaki says otherwise.

(Image: Getty Images North America)

(Image: REX/Shutterstock)

"The way she handled it, Trevor definitely had the rug pulled out from under him. He was hurt," she said, explaining that while Trevor was heartbroken, Meghan was less affected," she told Mail Online.

Prior to their split, Ninaki - who was maid of honour at the wedding - said the pair doted on each other and Trevor would have done anything for the actress.

"Then, after the wedding, it was like a light switched off. There’s Meghan before fame and Meghan after fame. After three seasons of Suits, she called me to say the marriage was over.

The pair first met aged two at Hollywood’s private Little Red School House before they went to the Immaculate Heart girls’ high school in Los Angeles at the age of 11.

Following a close friendship that she describes as 'sisterly', Ninaki says the pair eventually fell out over how Meghan and ex-husband - who the ex Suits star met when she was just 23 - split.

She explains she went to visit Trevor who was heartbroken over their split, while Meghan seemed less affected.

(Image: Instagram)

Elsewhere, Ninaki said her former best friend, who quit Suits to pursue a life with Harry, always wanted to be famous.

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

(Image: PA)

"She just loved to be the centre of attention," she went on. "We used to imagine her receiving an Oscar. She used to practise announcing herself."

While talking about her relationship with Harry and her role as a future royal, Ninaki claims Meghan was always very aware of the Royal Family - despite the actress claiming she knew little about Harry when they met.

"I think it’s a very fanciful dream to believe that you just walk into a Prince Charming.

"I know the Royal Family was something she found fascinating. She had one of Princess Diana’s books [Diana: Her True Story] on her bookshelf, and even when she was with Trevor she told me she wanted to go and stay in London for at least a month."

She added: "I wasn’t shocked or even surprised to hear about Prince Harry. I know she used to love The Princess Diaries — films about a commoner who becomes part of a Royal Family. She was very taken with that idea."

