www.ibtimes.com/truth-about-jennifer-garner-ben-affleck-planning-renew-wedding-vows-2712787



Truth About Jennifer Garner, Ben Affleck Planning To Renew Wedding Vows

While loyal fans of the couple have been wishing for actors Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck to get back together again, the rumor that the Hollywood sweethearts plan to renew their wedding vows after the “Batman” star gets out of rehab is not true.

The rumor was started after a latest issue of OK! Magazine published an article titled, “Jen & Ben Back Together!” In the article, the publication quoted an anonymous source saying Garner has “agreed to give their marriage another shot” after “convincing” her estranged husband to go back to rehab to treat his alcohol addiction.

The source further said “she promised him if he gets sober they’ll renew their vows in a private, yet romantic, ceremony and become a family again.” This was because Garner reportedly “can’t let go,” and has “always wanted to stick it out” because she “loves him and feels she owes it to her kids to make things work with their dad.”

And, this was not all. The tipster went onto say the romantic promise from the “Elektra” actress acted as the much-needed motivation Affleck was looking for to get sober again.

“Ben realized that he’s no good on his own and that he wants his old life back. He wants to be with Jen,” the source said, adding, “Ben wants to be a family again and is thrilled that Jen agrees. He’s telling friends he finally got his wife back.”

Lastly, to drive the rumor home, the publication claimed Garner was already preparing to get back together with her estranged husband as she was seen “bringing some of Ben’s belongings back over to her house.”

However, Gossip Cop pointed out the scenario, as reported by OK! could not be more further from the truth. Garner and Affleck have finalized their divorce settlement recently and the latter, who told E! Online earlier this week “they both want to move on,” will be signing the papers once he gets out of rehab.

As for moving trucks photographed near Affleck’s house a day before the actor checked into rehab, they were believed to have been there to help remove his ex-girlfriend Lindsay Shookus’ stuff out of his house, following their split. Garner was not involved in any way as no moving truck was noticed near her residence.

Moreover, a confidante close to Garner told Gossip Cop any claim of the couple getting back together was “total lies.”

Besides, Affleck was spotted with Playboy model Shauna Sexton several times over the past weeks, leaving restaurants together. She was even photographed entering the actor’s house, further confirming Affleck was not getting back together with his ex-wife.

