www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6101259/Kendall-Jenner-livid-Kris-refuses-invite-Caitlyn-annual-Christmas-Eve-party.html

Annita Katee For Dailymail.Com

Kendall Jenner is livid when Kris refuses to invite Caitlyn to the annual Christmas Eve party

It's no secret that the past few Keeping Up With The Kardashains episode has seen tensions rise between sisters Kourtney, Kim and Khloe.

And the family feud continued on Sunday night's episode when the Kardashian-Jenner brood all got together to decide who would and wouldn't make the invite list for their annual Christmas Eve party.

Sitting around the kitchen table together, momager Kris, Kim and Khloe all ganged up on Kourtney when they slammed her for not wanting to invite her ex-boyfriend Scott, and then Kendall when they refused to invite her dad Caitlyn Jenner.

Bad blood? Kendall Jenner was left livid on Sunday night's episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians when her mom Kris refused to invite her dad Caitlyn to the annual Christmas Eve party

The hostilities began when Kourtney told her family she didn't want to invite Scott as her then boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 25, would be there - to which Kris insisted her baby daddy had to come as he was still part of the family.

'What about my dad?' butted in Kendall - pointing out Kris' ex-husband also still had connections to the family.

'Scott has never done anything mean or said anything negative, so that's different,' shouted Kim across the table.

Drama: The hostilities began when Kourtney told her family she didn't want to invite Scott as her then boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 25, would be there - to which Kris insisted her baby daddy had to come as he was still part of the family

Not hearing her: The family refused to listen to Kourtney's wishes of not inviting her ex-boyfriend Scott Disick to the family party

If Scott's invited, why not Caitlyn? Not having a bar of it, a livid and insulted Kendall replied: 'Is that actually a joke? They have both done f**ked up things in different ways'

Not having a bar of it, a livid and insulted Kendall replied: 'Is that actually a joke? They have both done f**ked up things in different ways'.

And although Kendall continued to defend Cait and fight for her right to make the invite list, the Kardashian matriarch wasn't convinced.

'No-one would know how to respond to her because of all the things,' she began to explain.

Kris' reasoning: 'No-one would know how to respond to her because of all the things,' she began to explain

She got the last word: As Kris, Kim and Khloe continued to explain how the situations were different and at the end of the day it was the momager's choice, Kourtney was the only one with the Vogue model's back

And the drama didn't end there with Kendall continuing to convince the family that no matter what had happened it was still the nice thing to do and the situation was no different to that of Scott's.

'So the f**k what? Why are we so worried about anyone else, even if she doesn't come it is the nice thing to do,' she said angrily.

Kris replied sassily: 'Oh, she would come.'

Bonding: The episode saw Kendall and Kourtney spend much time hanging out as they felt they were the only ones who 'got' each other

Doing it for the kids: Kourtney sat down with Scott and explained that she had decided to let him come for the children's memories

As Kris, Kim and Khloe continued to explain how the situations were different and at the end of the day it was the momager's choice, Kourtney was the only one with the Vogue model's back.

'I am so over everyone and their b**chieness,' said the eldest sister to camera, adding that she didn't like the fact that her family didn't have her back and was appalled by the way they were treating Kendall.

However, the end of the episode saw Kim reveal not only did Kourtney have a change of heart and invite Scott, but Kris changed her mind and sent Cait an invite too. She however opted not to attend.

Party time: Kris changed her mind and sent Cait an invite too. She however opted not to attend

Time to celebrate! The Christmas Eve party is a long-standing Kardashian tradition

And whilst the elder sisters continued to bicker, with Kourtney even toying with the idea of not being at Christmas at all, the remainder of the episode featured on Khloe's anxiousness ahead of announcing her pregnancy.

Five-months at the time, the beauty confessed that she wasn't yet showing as 'pregnant' so worried that if she stepped outside people would just think she had put on weight again.

She added that she wouldn't be leaving the house until she had a 'cute baby bump' and until younger sister Kylie Jenner, 21, who was three months ahead,had made her pregnancy announcement.

Pregnancy nerves: Khloe said she wouldn't be leaving the house until she had a 'cute baby bump' and until younger sister Kylie Jenner, 21, who was three months ahead, had made her pregnancy announcement

Sister time: Affected by Khloe's desire not to go out, her elder sister Kim, who she was 'vibing' with at the time, took her out for a fun pizza run

Surprise! Kim and Khloe's sister date ended with them teepeeing mom Kris' home

Pregnancy announcement! December 20 saw Khloe share an Instagram post of her baby daddy Tristan Thompson cradling her burgeoning baby bump

Affected by Khloe's desire not to go out, her elder sister Kim, who she was 'vibing' with at the time, took her out for a fun pizza run that ended with the pair teepeeing Kris' house.

Waiting for the makeup mogul to reveal to her legions of followers her exciting news, she decided in the end she wanted to make the journey private and as stress-free as possible.

December 20 saw Khloe share an Instagram post of her baby daddy Tristan Thompson cradling her burgeoning baby bump.

'The response has been 99% positive,' she exclaimed in the interview.

'I'm now much for excited about having a baby.'

