www.justinalexander.com/blog/meghan-markle-s-royal-wedding-look/



Meghan Markle's Royal Wedding Look

Meghan Markle's Royal Wedding Look

With only four months to go until England’s next royal wedding, rumors are flying about the plans for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s union. Prince Harry (33) and Markle (36) will be tying the knot on May 19, 2018 at St. George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle, England. While previously an American actress best known for her role as Rachel Zane in the TV drama Suits, Meghan will be joining the royal family as a British citizen. Everyone wants to know what designer and style she will pick for her wedding dress, including our team at Justin Alexander.

Due to her elegant style and refined taste, we believe that Meghan Markle is a Justin Alexander bride. The sketch below is a custom design of what we predict Meghan Markle’s wedding dress will look like.

Since Meghan Markle is marrying into the Royal family, she will likely wear something a bit more conservative with touches that embody her unique and captivating sense of style. This Justin Alexander high neck tonal beaded and embroidered lace fit and flare wedding dress is subtly sexy. The floral and heraldry motifs layered over silk tulle and silk charmeuse provide a refined elegance that is appropriate yet untraditional. Although the above sketch is a custom design, you can still mirror this royal look with gowns featured in our Justin Alexander collection.

Let these suggestions inspire you.

Justin Alexander 8918

The sabrina neckline on this gown allows for a more conservative look that is uniquely accented with chantilly lace accents.

Justin Alexander Style 8903

This style is a bit more unique, with an off the shoulder neckline and elegant sequined lace accents, but maintains the fit and flare design.

Justin Alexander Style 8905

This style's conservative sabrina neckline is elegantly balanced by pearl bearded lace laid across satin and tulle.

We'll be impatiently waiting for the broadcast of the royal wedding, and the grand reveal of Meghan Markle's wedding dress!

Topics Wedding Inspiration

