www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/will-arnett-dating-producer-erin-david-after-katie-lee-split-20132012/

Stephanie Webber

Will Arnett Girlfriend: Dating Producer Erin David After Katie Lee





A honey for the holidays! Will Arnett has moved on from his August romance with celebrity chef Katie Lee. The 43-year-old Millers actor is now dating Hollywood producer Erin David, Us Weekly can exclusively confirm.

PHOTOS: 2013's biggest splits

“Will and Katie Lee fizzled. He lives in LA, she lives in NYC,” an insider reveals to Us. “[Erin] produced one of the shows or a film he was in. She produced a lot of Lorne Michaels stuff.”

The new couple haven’t been hiding their affection for one another either. Arnett and David — who first worked together in the actor’s now-canceled NBC series Up All Night, where she served as executive producer — recently stepped out together for a very special shindig.

PHOTOS: Stars who bounced back after breakups

“Will brought her to Jen [Aniston] and Justin [Theroux’s] holiday party,” the source adds.

Aniston, 44, and fiance Theroux, 42, threw their annual, star-studded tree lighting party at their Bel Air home on Sunday, Dec. 8. Guests arrived at 6:30 p.m. and brought ornaments to decorate the tree. Arnett and David were joined by other famous faces, including Courteney Cox and her new beau, Snow Patrol rocker Johnny McDaid, Robert Downey Jr. and his wife Susan Levin, Tobey Maguire and his wife Jen Meyer, Jason Bateman, Isla Fisher, Chelsea Handler, and Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin.

PHOTOS: Amy Poehler and Tina Fey's funniest moments

This isn’t Arnett’s first Hollywood romance. The actor separated from Parks and Recreation star Amy Poehler in September 2012 after nine years of marriage, Us exclusively confirmed at the time. The exes are parents to sons Archie, 4, and Abel, 2. Arnett’s new girlfriend Erin previously worked with Poehler in her 2008 film Baby Mama. Poehler, 42, is currently dating comedian and actor Nick Kroll.

