www.billboard.com/articles/columns/pop/8464893/justin-bieber-dating-history-timeline

Heran Mamo

A Timeline of Justin Bieber's Dating History

Before proposing to on-and-off girlfriend and model Hailey Baldwin on Saturday, Justin Bieber had a few other ladies under his arm. Ever since he rose to fame through his YouTube covers and released his debut EP My World in 2009, his love life has been under a microscope -- even at age 15.

There have been plenty of rumors, including one fan who suggested the “Sorry” singer fathered her child after a backstage rendezvous. But in an interview clip Bieber used as the intro for “Maria” -- a track from his 2013 studio album Believe that addressed the allegation -- he said he “set the record straight, none of it is true.”

Here's what is true: We’ve collected all of Bieber’s reported hook-ups, flings and fully fledged relationships in a chronological history of the “Boyfriend” singer’s girlfriends below.

2008-2009: Justin Bieber Met Caitlin Beadles, His First Girlfriend, at Church

When Bieber moved to Atlanta in 2008 to work as Usher’s protégé, he met Beadles at church. Over the last few years, the “Believe” singer has been very vocal about his faith, and Beadles shares the same devotion to her faith, as seen in her Instagram bio: “Jesus knew about rejection His entire time on earth, but it did not change how He loved.” The two split when his touring schedule and rising fame grew too overwhelming to maintain their relationship. His song “Never Let You Go” from My World 2.0 from 2010 is rumored to be about Beadles. They spent Thanksgiving together last year when Christian Beadles, Caitlin’s brother and Justin’s friend, posted a picture of their reunion with the caption “So thankful for my brother and sister this thanksgiving.”

January-September 2010: Bieber Briefly Dated My World Tour Partner Jasmine Villegas

“It was like a little kid thing, it was like puppy love, if you could even call it that,” Jasmine Villegas recalled about her relationship with the “Baby” artist in a 2015 interview. He featured her in his “Baby” music video in April 2010, which has since garnered 1.9 billion YouTube views. According to Villegas, Bieber asked her mom for her phone number, which is how their nine-month relationship took off. But the fans at their concerts were not having it. “I got a couple middle fingers in the crowds, a little bit,” she said. “It comes from really anything when you’re in the eye and when you date somebody who’s a pop star.” They later both mutually decided to stay friends.

December 2010-November 2012: A Silly IHOP Date with Selena Gomez Turns Into a Serious Relationship

Before the roller coaster romance between Bieber and Selena Gomez took off, the two met for pancakes at an IHOP in Philadelphia in December 2010. She told Us Weekly that “It was pancakes! Oh my gosh!” but their appetite fed into a two-year commitment -- replete with red-carpet dates, a private viewing of Titanic at Staples Center, and a “J” diamond ring as a Valentine’s Day present. Baldwin wasn’t the first girl he gave a ring to, but Gomez and him called it quits for the first time in 2012.

romance isnt dead. treat your lady right fellas. #REAL — Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) September 24, 2011

November 2012: He and Model Barbara Palvin Went on a Date to a Broadway Show

The 2012 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show was a busy time for Bieber, not just regarding his performance during the show itself. That’s where he met model Barbara Palvin, who saw the Broadway musical The Lion King with Bieber the following evening. She later denied serious dating rumors, but the outing seemed to officially end things with Gomez at the time.

last time im saying it. please calm down.there is nothing going on w him.i met him and did a pic w him. wouldnt u do the same?:) #friendship — Barbara Palvin (@BarbaraPalvin) November 10, 2012

November 2012: Miranda Kerr Denies Hooking Up With Bieber After Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show

Palvin wasn’t Bieber’s only short-lived fling from the 2012 Victoria’s Secret event. He was rumored to have hooked up with Miranda Kerr after the show, which she denied. They also allegedly sent each other flirty text messages and cheek kisses while Kerr was married to Orlando Bloom. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor later duked it out with Bieber in Ibiza in July 2014 when the rumors reignited, one year after he and the Victoria’s Secret Angel divorced.

January-April 2014, July 2016: Bieber Gets Arrested for DUI With Chantel Jeffries in the Car

Remember when Bieber was arrested for a DUI? Chantel Jeffries does, because she was in the car with her then-casual beau when it happened in Miami. In a February 2014 interview with E! News, Jeffries deflected from answering whether she and Bieber had kissed or slept in the same bed before. But PDA aside, the two were spotted hanging out after one of his Purpose Tour shows at Madison Square Garden in July 2016, where they privately screened The Secret Life of Pets. He also shared a zoomed-in picture of Jeffries’ lips in February 2017, but the original picture -- an old-school photo of Jeffries -- has since been deleted from her Instagram.

A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Feb 10, 2017 at 10:39pm PST

May 2014: Adriana Lima and Bieber Allegedly Hook Up at Cannes Film Festival

Cannes Film Festival is renowned for having a wild party scene, and Victoria’s Secret model Adriana Lima, who had just announced her separation from ex-husband Marko Jaric earlier that month, reportedly took advantage of her newly single status. The two were rumored to have hooked up in the French Riviera after partying at 1 Oak Club Gotha, where Bieber posted on Instagram a picture of him and the Brazilian model with the caption “I think she foreign, I think she foreign” -- lyrics from his song “Confident" featuring Chance the Rapper from his 2014 album Journals. Lima clapped back at the rumors on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen when she responded, “Anybody below 6’7”, you know how I call them? Friends.”

October-December 2015: Kourtney Kardashian Romance Rumors Flare Up

Dating in Hollywood is geographically predictable: If it’s October, couples cuddle up at Universal Studios Hollywood for its “Halloween Horror Nights,” and if it’s a weekend, The Nice Guy in West Hollywood is the perfect bar to lounge around with the elite. Kourtney Kardashian and Bieber were seen canoodling on December 11 when the “Where Are Ü Now” vocalist hosted a surprise show at The Nice Guy after the two headed to “Halloween Horror Nights.” But the then-21-year-old singer addressed his alleged romance with the then-36-year-old reality star during a December interview on The Bert Show when he joked regarding the headlines, “I’m being used, man. What can I say?” He later complimented Kardashian on the radio show, calling the mother of three “great” and saying he’s “known [the family] for years.”

A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Oct 10, 2015 at 11:42am PDT

January-August 2016: Bieber Romantically Links Up With Hailey Baldwin for the First Time

Bieber and Baldwin first met in 2009 in a fan meet-and-greet caught on video. But when rumors were circling about them dating, Bieber laid them to rest with an Instagram from December 2015 of the two saying, “People are crazy. I’m super single and this is my good friend u would know otherwise.” A year later, the couple rang in a second New Year’s together -- but this time with a sultry make-out. They served fans sexy Instagram posts, and in a GQ cover story, Bieber asked, “What if Hailey ends up being the girl I’m gonna marry, right?” The teaser of their announced engagement didn’t go unnoticed back then, and neither did Baldwin’s since-deleted Instagram post that was a note about honesty and blame -- something Jelena fans mistook as her weighing on Bieber’s drama with Gomez. He reportedly unfollowed Baldwin on the app before deleting his account altogether.

A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Jan 3, 2016 at 4:12pm PST

June 2016: Actress Nicola Peltz & Bieber Entertain a Short Spring Fling

Transformers: Age of Extinction actress Nicola Peltz went out with the “As Long as You Love Me” singer for a few weeks. They reportedly met at an album release party in Toronto and were later having sleepovers at his Beverly Hills estate, but their fling ran its course quickly.

August-September 2016: Sofia Richie Dishes to Billboard About Her Relationship With Bieber

Bieber might have strikingly similar taste to Scott Disick, because his next girl was Sofia Richie, who dated the singer briefly. They went on a romantic getaway for Richie’s 18th birthday in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, which she told Billboard about in her September 17 cover story. “We have a special relationship,” she said. “Justin is very easy to talk to, and that’s hard to find with people in Los Angeles.” Bieber was not just a good conversationalist, but protective significant other who threatened to make his Instagram account private if haters didn’t stop posting disturbing comments targeted at Richie. He eventually deleted his account altogether for a while, but their relationship eventually fizzled out.

A post shared by Sofia Richie (@sofiarichie) on Aug 13, 2016 at 10:37pm PDT

September-October 2017: Bieber Connects With Actress & Model Paola Paulin

Ballers actress and Colombian model Paola Paulin and Bieber started going out when the two went to church together on September 27. He insisted they attend together, and they headed to an intimate, private date afterward. They went back to church Oct. 4, the same night Kardashian and current fiancée Hailey Baldwin were in attendance. Although they enjoyed each other’s company, it wasn’t meant to be.

November 2017-March 2018: He Reunites with On-Off Girlfriend Gomez for the Last Time

“Jelena,” as fans dubbed Bieber and Gomez together, had taken a long stroll down memory lane on social media over the years they weren’t together by posting pictures of the two or cryptic tweets. But after taking a bike ride together in Los Angeles in November, they reignited their relationship and sent Twitter into an uproar. The stars’ moms had something to say about it too. Bieber’s mother Pattie Malette said she loved Gomez. “I support anything [he does], if he loves her I love her,” she told People in December 2017. But Mandy Teefy, Gomez’s mother, was “not happy” about her daughter’s reunion with her famous ex, she admitted to Gossip Cop. The “Back to You” singer posted for her beau’s birthday, with a Polaroid on her head and a caption dedicated to “someone I know that happens to be super cool.” But her family wasn’t all too keen on the idea of them back together, and allegedly caused their second official split.

March-May 2018: Bieber Has Model Baskin Champion on His Arm

Right after his second breakup with Gomez, Bieber was spotted with model Baskin Champion, sister of Abby Champion who’s currently dating Bieber’s buddy Patrick Schwarzenegger. They were first seen together at a Craig David concert in West Hollywood on March 20. Their fling never blossomed into a serious relationship, and things cooled down between them after two months of casually dating.

June 2018-Present: Baldwin Secures Bieber’s Heart in a Rekindled Romance, and He Proposes!

“Jailey,” another couple name Bieber was christened with, seemed to be back on when they hit church and the club together and were seen kissing in New York City earlier this summer. But things really heated up when the two were vacationing in the Bahamas and Bieber proposed. He confirmed their engagement after TMZ initially reported the news with a heartfelt Instagram post. “So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindLY,” he wrote as part of the caption. Baldwin tweeted about the engagement Monday, writing, “Not sure what I did in life to deserve such happiness but I am so utterly grateful to God for giving me such an incredible person to share my life with!”

