www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5804467/Sofia-Richies-dad-Lionel-threatened-cut-didnt-dump-cheating-Scott-Disick.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Sofia Richie's dad Lionel threatened to cut her off if she didn’t dump cheating Scott Disick

This time last week they were enjoying a romantic vacation in St Barts to celebrate Scott Disick's birthday, complete with 'love you' declarations on social media.

But just days after jetting home, Sofia Richie has dumped her older boyfriend.

And now the reason for the young model's change of heart has become clear - an ultimatum from her father, Lionel Richie.

Revealed: Sofia Richie's dad Lionel threatened to cut her off and remove her from will if she didn’t dump cheating Scott Disick; she is seen solo in Los Angeles on Sunday

Ultimatum: Telling Sofia he would cut her out of his will if she continued to date 'toxic' Scott, Lionel left the 19-year-old with no choice; the father and daughter are seen earlier this year

The veteran singer reportedly gave Sofia a simple choice, after she confided in him that father-of-three Scott had cheated on her.

Telling his daughter he would cut her out of his will if she continued to date 'toxic' Scott, Lionel left the 19-year-old in no doubt about his views.

A source told Us Weekly: '[Scott] cheated on her in Miami and she found out and told [Lionel]. He said he is going to cut her off and write her out of his will if she continues her relationship with Scott as he thinks he’s extremely toxic for her.'

While initially Sofia had considered trying to work things out, despite her boyfriend's alleged infidelity, things changed when he went to Wyoming for Kanye West's album listening party.

Birthday wishes: Last week the two were in St Barts, with Sofia posting this picture to celebrate Scott Disick's 35th birthday

Final straw: While initially Sofia had considered trying to work things out, despite her boyfriend's alleged infidelity, things changed when he went to Wyoming for Kanye West's album listening party on Thursday

He was pictured there with his arms around a blonde woman, and overheard telling people he was single'.

Within hours Sofia, 19, had moved out of 35-year-old Scott's Los Angeles home, and was back living with her dad.

On Instagram she kept busy posting pictures from her dad's house as she watched Jersey Shore on TV and snuggled her dog Hershela, the name chosen by Scott.

All Night Long singer Lionel had previously joked about his daughter's on/off relationship with the much older man, saying the pairing was 'just a phase'.

Scott is a father-of-three from his nine-year relationship with ex Kourtney Kardashian, named Mason, eight, Penelope, five, and Reign, three.

