radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/05/jennifer-aniston-demands-justin-theroux-stay-away-from-friends/

Radar Staff, May

Jen Threatens Justin: Stay Away From My Friends!

Jen Threatens Justin: Stay Away From My Friends! Theroux 'crawling all over' Aniston's social circle since split.

RadarOnline.com learned exclusively Jennifer Aniston is beside herself with fury over Justin Theroux’s shameless networking within her social circle.

“She was angry enough to see him at dinner with Emma Stone, whom she considers a friend. But then she has to contend with new photos of him schmoozing all over Selena Gomez and it’s really tipped her over the edge,” spilled an informant.

As readers know, Theroux was causing chaos by sending flirty texts to Gomez in the wake of his split from Aniston.

“It was kind of an open secret that Justin was sweet on Selena when he and Jen hung out with her,” a source revealed to Radar last month. “To be fair they did get on well but he’s asking for major trouble by trying to hang out with her so soon after his and Jen’s split.”

Theroux was also caught canoodling with Stone when posted a photo of himself hanging out with her in April just weeks after his split from Aniston!

“Bffffffs. And yes. JUST bfffffs,” Theroux captioned the snap of him, Stone, 29, and Queer Eye’s Jonathan Van Ness, following rumors of his flirty relationship with the actress.

Meanwhile, sources reveal to Radar exclusively, ever since they split he’s been “crawling all over her social network.”

The actor even he attended Aniston’s BFF Jimmy Kimmel’s bash last week, leaving right before she arrived!

“He’s so shameless and doesn’t care if his presence in these people’s lives upsets Jen. The way he sees it, this is a free country and he’s allowed to hang with whoever he wants.”

His behavior didn’t sit well with the Friends star.

“Jen finds it so sickening and upsetting.”

As Radar readers know, Aniston, 49, and Theroux, 46, called it quits this February 15, 2018, after just two years of marriage. According to various sources, the two had been leading separate lives for months, and often disagreed on basic things such as where to live and whether or not to start a family.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

