www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5676683/Elsa-Pataky-reveals-secret-struggles-pressure-marriage-Chris-Hemsworth.html

Candice Jackson, Erin Doyle For Daily Mail Australia

Elsa Pataky reveals the secret struggles that put 'pressure' on marriage with Chris Hemsworth

They are the picture-perfect family.

But Spanish model Elsa Pataky has once again spoken about the struggles she and actor husband Chris Hemsworth faced during the early years of their marriage together.

Speaking to Vogue Australia, the mother-of-three confessed: 'We did everything very quickly – I don’t know how we survived as a couple.'

Scroll down for video

'I don’t know how we survived as a couple': Elsa Pataky reveals the secret struggles that put 'pressure' on her marriage with Chris Hemsworth

Chris and Elsa met in early 2010 and married shortly after in December that year.

They welcomed their daughter India in 2012 and their twin sons, Tristan and Sasha, later in 2014.

'We were married and then a year after we had kids. It puts a lot of pressure on a marriage,' the Fast And The Furious actress admitted.

However, after recently celebrating their eight wedding anniversary, Elsa claims the couple couldn't be happier or more in love.

'It puts a lot of pressure on a marriage': Spanish actress Elsa has revealed she and actor husband Chris Hemsworth did struggle during the early years of their marriage

'Every marriage has ups and downs – it’s constant work to be in a successful marriage and stay together forever': Elsa claims their marriage is stronger than ever as they recently celebrated their eight-year wedding anniversary

'I think our years together have been great. Every marriage has ups and downs – it’s constant work to be in a successful marriage and stay together forever. Chris’ parents have been together all their lives, and that’s such a beautiful thing, and their families are so close,' she continued.

The family of five now live in Byron Bay on the New South Wales' North Coast after relocating from Los Angeles.

Chris, known for playing Marvel's Thor, once told BW magazine that he relocated his family to the laidback coastal town because he felt living in LA was 'suffocating and overwhelming'.

'Looking for a new wife according to @womansdayaus and other misleading outlets!': The Thor star has poked fun of the split rumours in the past on social media

'Don’t worry love, I would be mad too if some magazines keep trying to keep us apart': Elsa played along with poking fun of the rumours with Chris and confirmed to fans they were very much still happily wed

The more famous Chris becomes, the more rumours about his 'tumultuous' marriage to wife Elsa appear on the covers of magazines.

And the Thor star recently spilled about how he really feels about false rumours about his relationship making headlines.

Speaking to The Times in January, the former Home And Away star admitted he tries to avoid reading the rumours because they irritate him so much.

'I just try to ignore it,' Chris told the publication of how he deals with the reports.

'I stay off the internet but occasionally someone says to me, "You might want to react to this one." Most of the time I'm like, "Why did you even tell me that? There's nothing I can do about it. It just p**ses me off."'

'There's nothing I can do about it. It just p**ses me off"' Speaking to The Times in January, the former Home And Away star admitted he tries to avoid reading the rumours because they irritate him so much

It's not the first time the pair have expressed frustration about the 'rocky romance' rumours, with Chris previously taking aim at a specific publication.

Tagging Elsa, Chris wrote on Instagram: 'Looking for a new wife according to @womansdayaus and other misleading outlets! Honey you still love me right?'

In another post which featured Chris looking serious in a Tag Heuer advert, Elsa chimed in with: 'Don’t worry love, I would be mad too if some magazines keep trying to keep us apart,' adding the hashtags #dontcrackunderpressure #seeyoutomorrow #loveyou.

