www.elle.com/culture/celebrities/a19037296/kendall-jenner-fizzling-out-with-blake-griffin-report/

Alyssa Bailey, News, Strategy Editor, Alyssa Bailey Is The News, Strategy Editor At Elle.Com, Where She Oversees Coverage Of Celebrities, Royals, Particularly Meghan Markle, Kate Middleton .

Kendall Jenner and Blake Griffin Close to Break Up

The great, private-ish romance between Kendall Jenner and NBA player Blake Griffin is essentially over for now, E! and People are reporting via multiple sources. Griffin's trade from the LA Clippers to the Detroit Pistons is mostly to blame. "Kendall and Blake talk and she has been to Detroit to see him, but the distance is a major factor," a source told E!. "He will be back in L.A. for the summer, and it's possible they could heat up again. For now, they are still in contact and not ruling anything out."

"Right now, it's on and off and they still talk and see each other when their schedules allow it," a second source said.



There's no particular drama to blame here, People's source added, though “they’ve definitely cooled off and are taking things at a slower pace,” the source said. “He got traded and isn’t local anymore, so they’ve grown apart a bit just because of distance. They’re still involved.”

While there isn't drama between the two of them, Griffin's ex, Brynn Cameron, with whom he has two kids, made headlines when she filed a palimony suit against him on Valentine's Day. She claimed in the suit, via E!, that Griffin called off their wedding a week before the date and "immediately embarked on a high-profile affair with [Kendall]."

Jenner and Griffin started dating in the late summer when she was also casually dating A$AP Rocky. The two were seen out multiple times together in Los Angeles and Montauk (on the tip of New York's East Hampton) alike—a bicoastal fling. In October, things got seemingly more serious: Jenner was photographed having dinner out with him and his bros. Us Weekly reported less than two weeks later that the pair DTR'd. “They’re legit. They’re a full-on couple,” a source close to Jenner told the outlet then. “Kendall has been going to a lot of his games and they have been enjoying time at home when Blake is in town. They’re good.”

Jenner purposely does not talk about her love life to the press and won't unless she's about to get engaged and make it official for good. "If I'm not fully, fully in it with someone, why would I make it public to everyone else?" Jenner told Harper's Bazaar last year.



