www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5223467/Kylie-Jenner-hit-SPLIT-claims-Travis-Scott.html

Ciara Farmer For Mailonline

Kylie Jenner is hit with split claims from Travis Scott

Pregnant Kylie Jenner and her boyfriend Travis Scott have been hit with split reports just two months before her rumoured due date.

The 20-year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, who is yet to publicly confirm her baby news, attended her mum Kris Jenner's annual Christmas Eve bash with her rapper beau yet just days later US sources have claimed they have broken up.

Radar Online report that the 25-year-old rapper has told his expectant girlfriend, 20, he 'is done' and 'they are not compatible', which insiders claim has left the star 'begging for him to come back'.

Scroll down for video

Rumours: The 20-year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, who is yet to publicly confirm her baby news, attended her mum Kris Jenner's annual Christmas Eve bash with her rapper beau yet just days later US sources have claimed they have broken up

Kylie was first hit with widespread speculation that she is expecting Travis' child in September yet since then she has remained uncharacteristically coy on both social media and in the glare of the public eye.

Kylie and Travis began dating in April - in the weeks following her split from ex-beau Tyga. After months of questions over the state of their relationship, the couple's pictures together at Kris' party seemed to indicate they are very much together.

Just six days later, sources have claimed the couple have parted ways after Travis ended the romance - while vowing to always be there for the tot.

Insiders said: 'He finally plucked up the courage to tell Kylie he’s done, that he loves her and will always be around for the baby, but they’re not compatible as a couple. Kylie was totally blindsided even though everyone else in her life saw this coming.

'She’s still refusing to admit it’s over, and begging him to stick around.'

MailOnline has contacted representatives for Kylie and Travis for comment.

Mum to be? Swirling rumours that Kylie is expecting first came to light in September, when it was claimed her sister Khloe Kardashian was also pregnant and the girls would give birth within weeks of each other

Swirling rumours that Kylie is expecting first came to light in September, when it was claimed her sister Khloe Kardashian was also pregnant and the girls would give birth within weeks of each other.

Khloe has since confirmed her pregnancy, announcing via social media that she and beau Tristan Thompson are set to welcome their first child together.

The starlet debuted her baby bump on Instagram and penned: 'My greatest dream realized! We are having a baby!

Happy days: Khloe has since confirmed her pregnancy, announcing via social media that she and beau Tristan Thompson are set to welcome their first child together

'I had been waiting and wondering but God had a plan all along. He knew what He was doing. I simply had to trust in Him and be patient. I still at times can't believe that our love created life!

'I know we've been keeping this quiet but we wanted to enjoy this between our family and close friends as long as we could privately. To enjoy our first precious moments just us... I am so thankful, excited, nervous, eager, overjoyed and scared all in one! But it's the best bundle of feelings I've ever felt in my life!'

Following Khloe's announcement, fans have been urging Kylie to finally share her own baby news too. They were left disappointed when the youngest Kardashian-Jenner star didn't appear on the final day of the family's Christmas card as anticipated.

