hollywoodlife.com/2017/12/23/scott-disick-sofia-richie-sex-life-absolute-dynamite-details/

Scott Baumgartner

Scott Disick Boasts That Sex Life With Sofia Richie Is ‘Absolute Dynamite’

We’re hearing that Scott Disick can’t get enough of those more intimate moments with his girlfriend Sofia Richie! Here’s all the EXCLUSIVE details!

With the holidays arriving Scott Disick, 34, and girlfriend Sofia Richie, 19, appear closer than ever! And, according to our insiders, their love life is white hot as well! ¨Scott and Sofia‘s relationship is very passionate and dramatic—they’re always fighting and making up,” a source close the reality TV personality tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “Scott says all the drama makes for amazing sex, and lots of it!” Want more images of Scott and Sofia? Head right here!

The insider went on to add that the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star is glad to have found someone who can, ahem, keep up with him. “Scott has a really super-high sex drive and he was always complaining that Kourtney [Kardashian, 38] never wanted to be intimate. She was always complaining that she was tired, or finding some other excuse, it was one of their biggest issues. But with Sofia it’s the exact opposite! Scott says that their sex life is absolute dynamite, and that she wants it even more than him—sometimes he struggles to keep up with the demand!”

Are you hoping to see Sofia appear in an episode his hit reality TV show some day soon? Sadly, you’re going to have to keep on waiting! The 19-year-old will not be making an appearance, mostly because Scott often films with his kids and she’s never around his 3 children, according to TMZ. “While she’s been with Scott a lot, we’re told she’s NOT with him when he’s around his kids,” production sources said, “which is when he’s usually taping the show.” Such a shame! Who wouldn’t love to see Sofia chat it up with the family?!

HollywoodLifers, what do YOU think of these juicy details?! Let us know in the comments section below!

