www.intouchweekly.com/posts/gwen-stefani-miranda-lambert-acm-speech-blake-shelton-129230/photos/blake-shelton-miranda-lambert-cute-8-104911

Amber Belus

Miranda Lambert's ACMs Speech Annoyed Gwen Stefani

It looks like Miranda Lambert and Gwen Stefani’s feud over Blake Shelton is far from over!

According to a new report, The Voice coach is ready for Blake’s ex-wife to leave his name out of her mouth after Miranda seemingly threw shade at the “Honey Bee” singer during her ACM‘s acceptance speech for Album of the Year.

MORE: Miranda Lambert Announces Her Engagement!

“Gwen thinks Miranda really needs to focus on her current relationship and not her ex. Gwen gets that Miranda’s split with Blake was heartbreaking but come on, it’s time to move on,” a source told Hollywood Life. “Gwen struggled to get over Gavin [Rossdale] but she did it and now it’s all about her relationship with Blake. None of them need to be living in the past!”

Even though Miranda has moved on with Anderson East, who accompanied her to Sunday night’s show, she still made it a point to bring up the “heartbreak” that her ex-husband caused.

“I just want to say thank you for letting me release my heartbreak and sharing it with me,” she said.

The couple announced back in July 2015 that they finalized their divorce after four years of marriage, which was right around when Gwen filed to end her marriage from the Bush front man.

It was revealed in November of that year that Gwen and Blake started dating. The “Little Red Wagon” singer moved on shortly after with Anderson — though these ladies have been at odds ever since the mother-of-three started dating her co-star.

“Miranda would welcome a showdown with Gwen, to get everything in the open once and for all,” a source previously told In Touch.

She’s also taken issue with the constant gushing Gwake does over each other in public.

“Miranda is tired of Gwen incessantly gushing about her romance with Blake,” said another source. “She’s sick to death of Blake carrying on in interviews about how Gwen ‘saved my life’ and saying he was ‘at rock bottom, in the middle of hell’ after their divorce.”

Scroll through the gallery to relive Blake and Miranda’s cutest moments!

