www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4659650/Justin-Bieber-botches-BST-Hyde-Park-concert.html

Colette Fahy For Mailonline

Justin Bieber botches BST Hyde Park concert

He's used to fans falling over themselves at his every word.

But Justin Bieber came unstuck on Sunday at the BST Hyde Park concert with a shaky performance which left a packed crowd baffled.

During his set, the pop singer revealed he had stuck vapour rub up his nose before getting into a funk when a joke he cracked was met with a stony silence - leaving the singer to quip: 'I'm having a bad night don't judge me.'

Scroll down for video

Justin Bieber came unstuck on Sunday at the BST Hyde Park concert with a nightmare performance which left a packed crowd scratching their heads.

And things went from bad to worse when he publicly scolded his backing singers for talking in-between songs, sneering: 'Whatever you're talking about can't be more important than what I'm saying,' leaving his audience stunned.

The problems began early when the Sorry hit-maker pointed out the Merry-go-round near the stage and joked: 'That looks fun... Said no one ever!'

Sadly, the discerning British crowd failed to see the funny side of Bieber's wisecrack leaving him to awkwardly tap his microphone and quip: 'Is this thing on?' before adding: 'Tough crowd!'

In the singer's defense, it appears as if he was nursing a cold.

Bad night at the office: During the botched performance, the pop singer revealed he had vapour rub stuck up his nose before getting into a huff when a joke he cracked was met with a stony silence

Whoops: Bieber told the crowd 'I'm having a bad night, don't judge me'

Explaining to fans that he was bunged up and had to use Vicks Vapour in order to perform.

'I usually use Olbus oil' he told the confused audience. 'But I had to use Vicks here and now and it's stuck up my nose,' he continued.

Finally adding: 'I'm having a bad night, don't judge me.'

Dressed in a red Louis Vuitton X Supreme baseball shirt, the singer donned a pair of loose fittign basketball shorts and Adidas trainers in order to aid his usually upbeat performance.

Previous form: In 2016 he stormed off stage in Manchester when fans refused to storm screaming when he sang

Angry: 'People tend to want to shut you down. What I mean by that is … people try to twist things, some people don't want to listen'

Doubling down: In a later post on Instagram he reiterated his point, writing 'People tend to want to shut you down. What I mean by that is … people try to twist things'

Another look: Justin later made an outfit change as he took to the stage at BST Hyde Park

Professional: Despite his prior performance, Justin continued to be in the zone as he belted out his hit tunes

The Sorry artist has form when it comes to hit and miss gigs.

In 2016 he stormed off stage in Manchester when fans refused to storm screaming when he sang.

Scolding the crowd, he said: 'Just try to show me you love me, in a different way. I get it. The screaming is just so obnoxious. I get it, it's been in our blood and it's been grand, you go to a concert and scream and stuff.

'But if we could just ... scream after the song, enjoy the songs ... the screaming is awesome, it's fine, and then we take a chill pill for a second and we just listen to me speak.

'Because ... I don't feel like I'm being heard sometimes and it's getting a little pressuring. So, if when I'm speaking you guys could not scream at the top of your lungs. Is that cool with you guys?'

In a later post on Instagram he reiterated his point, writing: 'People tend to want to shut you down. What I mean by that is … people try to twist things, some people don't want to listen.

'But I simply feel like, if I didn't use this platform to say how I truly feel, and if I didn't use this platform to be the man that I know I am, and speak from what's in my heart, then I'm doing myself injustice, and I'm not doing anybody in this audience any justice.

'There's going to be times where I say the wrong thing, because I'm human. But I don't pretend to be perfect and I hope to God that, you know, I don't say the right thing all the time because if that was the case then I'd be a robot, and I'm just, I'm not a robot.'

Fashionable: Justin donned a tight white vest top and a funky Supreme printed shirt

Dream team: Justin was joined by a bevy of back-up dancers on stage

Down to earth: He once again got comfortable on the floor

Shielding himself: The glare of the sunset got too much for Justin and he donned a pair of shades

Sitting: He looked very much at ease as he relaxed on the floor

In the moment: Justin was clearly feeling the energy of his back-up dancers as he performed up a storm

