www.vanityfair.com/style/2018/03/jennifer-lawrence-brad-pitt-dating-rumors

Condé Nast, Erika Harwoo

Jennifer Lawrence Is Perfectly Fine with Those Brad Pitt Dating Rumors

Vanity Fair cover star Jennifer Lawrence had what may have been the best day of her very blessed life on Thursday. In an appearance on Bravo’s Watch What Happens Live, Lawrence not only got to hang out with two of her favorite housewives, but she finally cleared up one of the few unverified, false rumors about her that she was actually O.K. with. So, is Jennifer Lawrence secretly dating Brad Pitt?

“No, I’ve met him once in like 2013, so it was very random,” she said. “But, I also wasn’t like, in a huge hurry to debunk it.”

Since his separation from Angelina Jolie in September 2016, Brad Pitt has been rumored to be dating everyone from the average Los Angeles civilian to Lawrence, but he’s yet to confirm anything about his personal life.

Lawrence was, however, in an actual relationship with Mother! director Darren Aronofsky. In her Vanity Fair cover story she confirmed that while they may no longer be dating, she still considers him a friend and creative partner.

“We have an amazing friendship that started before the movie, then we had a partnership with the movie, and then we had a romance that came from the movie, so when you strip the romance away, we still have immense respect for each other,” she said. “As cliché as it sounds, we were good to each other. I read stuff all the time that I think would be perfect for Darren. And I think we’ll work together again.”

During the Watch What Happens Live appearance, Lawrence also revealed the note that her friend Amy Schumer sent her after the Aronofsky breakup. “When Darren and I first broke up. I told [Amy], and I was really sad,” Lawrence said. “The next day I got a bouquet of flowers delivered and I said, ‘What is this?’” she continued. “I bring the bouquet of flowers in and there was a note that says, ‘I’m so sorry to hear you’re gonna die alone. Love, Amy.’”

To top off the entire glorious appearance, host Andy Cohen then surprised Lawrence, a self-appointed reality-TV obsessive with a “dinner party” featuring Real Housewives of New York City cast members Luann de Lesseps and Bethenny Frankel, as well as a cardboard cutout of Keeping Up with the Kardashians star Scott Disick. Judging by her reaction, Lawrence seems perfectly fine being single with her housewives.

