hollywoodlife.com/2016/04/20/perrie-edwards-zayn-malik-texting-ex-cheating-gigi-hadid/

Taylor Weatherby

Zayn Malik: How He Explained New Text Messages From Ex Perrie To Gigi Hadid

Is Zayn Malik in trouble with Gigi Hadid? After she caught him texting his ex Perrie Edwards, he had quite a bit of explaining to do. Get EXCLUSIVE details about what he told his girl right here!

Gigi Hadid, 20, was NOT happy to see Perrie Edwards‘ name pop up on Zayn Malik‘s cell phone, but Zayn was quick to defend himself! While the 23-year-old singer couldn’t deny that he was texting his ex-fiance, he did everything he could to assure that there is nothing going on with Perrie. But why was he texting her in the first place?

“Perrie reached out to Zayn to discuss some items she still has of his,” an insider told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “It was not a flirty text and Perrie has absolutely no desire to ever get back with Zayn. He has reassured Gigi that absolutely nothing is going on with Perrie.”

Thank goodness! Things could have gotten messy incredibly fast if Zayn was getting in touch with Perrie, 22, once again. A report from Life & Style suggested that Gigi began second guessing her relationship with Zayn as soon as she saw his texts with Perrie, but it sounds like she has nothing to worry about!

While we’re sure Zayn made Gigi feel better after he explained why Perrie was getting in touch with him, she still gets a little uneasy knowing that he’s texting another girl — especially when it’s his ex!

“Sometimes Gigi gets insecure because so many beautiful girls throw themselves at Zayn, but for the most part Zayn is an open book with her and doesn’t hide anything,” our source added. “There’s no secret password on his cell phone or computer. He says he has nothing to hide and is constantly showering Gigi with attention and affection.”

It would have been shocking to Gigi and Zayn’s fans alike if he had been cheating on Gigi with Perrie, because Zigi seemed to be totally in love a couple of weeks ago! They just did a sexy couples photo shoot together in Vogue, and from the looks of it they can’t keep their hands off each other. It probably isn’t fun for Gigi to see Zayn texting his ex, but with the way he looks at his girl, there’s no denying he is totally over Perrie!

Do you think Gigi should be concerned about Perrie, HollywoodLifers? Are you a fan of her and Zayn together? Tell us below!

