www.aol.com/article/news/2017/01/16/barack-obama-michelle-obama-wishes-she-didnt-have-to-be-married-to-me-while-im-president/21655805/

Aol Staff

Barack Obama: Michelle Obama wishes she didn't have to be married to me while I'm president

First lady Michelle Obama has made it clear she's eager to leave the White House, step into the next phase of her life, and even enjoy a simple trip to Target.

With less than a week until President-elect Donald Trump is sworn in and moves into the White House President Obama is sitting down with multiple news outlets to discuss his final days and office and legacy, and he revealed to 60 Minutes just how eager his wife is to move on.

SEE ALSO: Malia Obama breaks into tears during her father's farewell speech

"Michelle never fully took to the scrutiny, she's thrived as a first lady, but it's not her preference," the outgoing president explained in his interview with the news program. "She never fully embraced being in the public spotlight, which is ironic given how good she is."

"She used to say, Barack's exactly the kinda guy I want to be president I just wish he didn't want to do it when I was married to him," he added.

60 PHOTOS Barack and Michelle Obama through the years See Gallery Barack and Michelle Obama through the years Candidate for the U.S. Senate Barack Obama (D-IL) (L) holding his daughter Malia with wife Michelle and youngest daughter Sasha (R) celebrate his victory with supporters over Repulican rival Alan Keyes November 2, 2004 in Chicago, Illinois. Obama was expected to easily defeat Keyes in this first ever senate race featuring two major-party African-American candidates. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) US Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) is seen with his wife Michelle in a family snapshot from their October 18, 1992 wedding day released by Obama's US presidential campaign, February 4, 2008. (REUTERS/Obama For America/Handout) Senator Barack Obama and Michelle Robinson during The 36th Annual NAACP Image Awards - Arrivals at Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles, California, United States. (Photo by Albert L. Ortega/WireImage) Sen. Barack Obama (D-IL) and his wife Michelle wave during a rally in front of the old historic State Capitol building February 10, 2007 in Springfield, Illinois. Obama announced to the crowd that he would seek the Democratic nomination for President. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images) Candidate for the U.S. Senate Barack Obama (D-IL) sits with his wife Michelle and daughters Sasha (L) and Malia (R) in a hotel room as they wait for election returns to come in November 2, 2004 in Chicago, Illinois. Obama is expected to win easily against the Republican candidate Alan Keyes. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) Democratic candidate for the United States Senate in Illinois, Barack Obama and his wife Michelle Obama wave to the crowd at the Democratic National Convention at the Fleet Center in Boston, Massachusetts, Tuesday, July 27, 2004. (Photo by Jim Rogash/WireImage) President elect Barack Obama and his wife Michelle wave to their supporters after Obama gave his victory speech during an election night gathering in Grant Park on November 4, 2008 in Chicago, Illinois. Obama defeated Republican nominee Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) by a wide margin in the election to become the first African-American U.S. President elect. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) US Democratic presidential candidate Illinois Senator Barack Obama and wife Michelle cast their votes in the 2008 presidential elections in Chicago, Illinois, November 4, 2008. (EMMANUEL DUNAND/AFP/Getty Images) Democratic presidential nominee U.S. Sen. Barack Obama (D-IL) (L) kisses his wife Michelle Obama laugh at the end of the Town Hall Presidential Debate at Belmont University's Curb Event Center October 7, 2008 in Nashville, Tennessee. Tonight's debate is the second presidential debate of three, the only one being held in the town hall style with questions coming from audience members. (Photo by Charles Dharapak-Pool/Getty Images) US Democratic presidential candidate Illinois Senator Barack Obama and his wife Michelle embrace during an election day speech at the end of the 2008 Democratic Party primaries, at the Xcel Energy Center in St Paul, Minnesota, on June 3, 2008. (EMMANUEL DUNAND/AFP/Getty Images) Democratic presidential candidate US Senator Barack Obama stands with his wife Michelle during a primary results rally in Raleigh, North Carolina, May 06, 2008. (EMMANUEL DUNAND/AFP/Getty Images) Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois and his wife Michelle Obama acknowledge the crowd at the Roberts Stadium, April 22, 2008 in Evansville Indiana. Late exit polls showed Obama losing the Pennsylvania primary to rival Sen. Hillary Clinton of New York by ten percentage points. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images) Democratic presidential candidate US Senator Barack Obama and his wife Michelle during a rally at University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, April 21, 2008. Pennsylvania will hold its primary vote on April 22. (EMMANUEL DUNAND/AFP/Getty Images) Surrounded by his family and supporters, Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Barack Obama and wife Michelle Obama proclaim a resounding victory in the South Carolina Democratic primary, Saturday, January 26, 2008, in Columbia, South Carolina. (Photo by Gary O'Brien/Charlotte Observer/MCT via Getty Images) Nobel Peace Prize laureate, US President Barack Obama (R) and First Lady Michelle Obama greet the torch parade from the balcony of the Grand Hotel in Oslo on December 10, 2009. US President Barack Obama today accepted the Nobel Peace Prize, uncomfortably acknowledging his role as a leader at war while insisting that conflict can be morally justified. (JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images) First lady Michelle Obama (L) and President Barack Obama walk to the North Portico of the White House to await the arrival of the Indian Prime Minister November 24, 2009 in Washington, DC. U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama hosted their first State Dinner for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his wife Gursharan Kaur of India. (Photo by Brendan Smialowski/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama and his wife first lady Michelle Obama walk from Marine One on the south lawn after arriving back at the White House on October 2, 2009 in Washington, DC. President Obama later spoke to the media about his trip to Copenhagen to lend support to Chicago to host the 2016 Summer Olympics games which was announced today to be held in Rio de Janeiro instead. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama winks at the First Lady Michelle Obama as they wait to welcome leaders to the G20 dinner at the Phipps Conservatory on September 24, 2009 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. (JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama kisses First Lady Michelle Obama prior to speaking at Hradcany Square near Prague Castle in Prague, Czech Republic, on April 5, 2009. The world must deliver 'a strong international response' to North Korea's launch of a rocket, US President Barack Obama said in a speech in Prague on Sunday. (SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama (R) and First Lady Michelle Obama (L) dance during their visit to the Western Inaugural Ball on January 20, 2009 at the Washington Convention Center in Washington, DC. (TIM SLOAN/AFP/Getty Images) President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle walk the Inaugural Parade route following Obama being sworn in as 44th US president January 20, 2009 in Washington, DC. Obama and Michelle twice stepped from of their limousine and out onto Pennsylvania Avenue to walk down the route taking them to the White House. (JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images) President-elect Barack Obama (L) and his wife Michelle Obama arrive at 'We Are One: The Obama Inaugural Celebration At The Lincoln Memorial' January 18, 2009 in Washington, DC. The event includes a diverse array of talent featuring both musical performances and historical readings and an appearance by U.S. President-elect Barack Obama. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images) U.S. President Barack Obama (R) looks at his wife, first lady Michelle Obama (L), as she speaks during a reception in honor of International Women�s Day at the East Room of the White House March 8, 2010 in Washington, DC. The reception honored women from around the world and their achievements. (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images) First lady Michelle Obama (L) stands with her husband U.S President Barack Obama, as they wait for Mexican President Felipe Calderon and his wife Margarita Zavala to arrive for a State Dinner at the White House on May 19, 2010 in Washington, DC. President Obama welcomed President Calderon to the White House today for an official state visit that is taking place amid tension over immigration politics and Mexico's deadly drug war. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama (L) and First Lady Michelle wave from Air Force One as they departure in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, March 21, 2011 to Santiago, Chile after two days of visits in Brazil. (VANDERLEI ALMEIDA/AFP/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama chat as they walk to the White House in Washington, DC, on December 14, 2011 upon returing from Fort Bragg, North Carolina, where they met US troops. Obama on December 14, honored America's nearly nine years of 'bleeding and building' in Iraq, hailing the 'extraordinary achievement' of a war he once branded 'dumb.' (JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images) First Lady Michelle Obama kisses US President Barack Obama after introducing him during a signing ceremony for a bill which provides tax credits to companies to put veterans back to work November 21, 2011 in the South Court Auditorium, next to the White House in Washington, DC. (MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images) U.S. President Barack Obama (R), first Lady Michelle Obama (2nd R), former President George W. Bush walk past the North Pool of the 9/11 Memorial during the tenth anniversary ceremonies of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks at the World Trade Center site, September 11, 2011 in New York City. New York City and the nation are commemorating the tenth anniversary of the terrorist attacks on lower Manhattan which resulted in the deaths of 2,753 people after two hijacked planes crashed into the World Trade Center. (Photo by Jefferson Siegel-Pool/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama arrive for the Congressional Picnic on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, June 15, 2011. (SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama wait to greet Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, for a reciprocal dinner at the Winfield House in London, on May 25, 2011. Obama and his wife Michelle enjoyed a regal welcome from Queen Elizabeth II, who has met every US president but one since the 1950s. Obama's visit, the second stop on a European tour, comes as Britain seeks to prove its staying power despite fading military might and Washington looks to retool its decades-old alliance with Europe as a catalyst for global action. (JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama (C) waves as and First Lady Michelle Obama applauds during the Kennedy Center Honors event at the Kennedy Center in Washington, DC, on December 4, 2011. (JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images) THE VIEW - President Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States, and First Lady Michelle Obama make their first joint appearance on The View. (Photo by Donna Svennevik/ABC via Getty Images) Sasha, First Lady Michelle Obama, President Barack Obama and Malia wave to the crowd at the 2012 Democratic National Convention on September 6, 2012 in Charlotte, North Carolina. (Photo by Lucian Perkins For The Washington Post via Getty Images) US President Barack Obama (R) and First Lady Michelle Obama talk as they attends the memorial service for the late Senator Daniel Inouye at the National Memorial Cremetary of the Pacific in Honolulu, Hawaii, December 23, 2012. (JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images) U.S. President Barack Obama, left, and first lady Michelle Obama host a kids' 'state dinner' at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Monday, Aug. 20, 2012. The luncheon, which featured a selection of healthy recipes from the Healthy Lunchtime Challenge, is part of the first lady's 'Let's Move' initiative to combat childhood obesity. (Pete Marovich/Bloomberg via Getty Images) US President Barack Obama and his wife, US First Lady Michelle Obama, are seen on a large screen during the Men's USA Basketball vs Brazil game at the Verizon Center in Washington, DC, July 16, 2012. (JIM WATSON/AFP/GettyImages) U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama walk to the South Lawn of the White House on June 27, 2012 in Washington, D.D. The annual picnic was held for members of Congress. (Photo by Kristoffer Tripplaar-Pool/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama kiss prior to Obama speaking to US troops at Third Infantry Division Headquarters at Fort Stewart in Hinesville, Georgia, on April 27, 2012, prior to Obama signing an Executive Order to help US service members and their families make informed decisions about education and to protect them from deceptive targeting by educational institutions. (SAUL LOEB/AFP/GettyImages) U.S. President Barack Obama, right, and first lady Michelle Obama wait to greet David Cameron, U.K. prime minister, and his wife Samantha Cameron on the North Portico of the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Wednesday, March 14, 2012. Obama and Cameron showed a united front on finishing the war in Afghanistan and pressing for change in Iran and Syria, seeking to consolidate international support before a North Atlantic Treaty Organization meeting in May. (Joshua Roberts/Bloomberg via Getty Images) U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama dance at the Commander in Chief's Ball in Washington, January 21, 2013. (REUTERS/Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Pool) First lady Michelle Obama smiles as U.S. President Barack Obama speaks to military personnel during a Christmas day visit to Marine Corps Base Hawaii in Kaneohe, Hawaii December 25, 2013. Obama is on vacation with his family in nearby Kailua. (REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque) U.S President Barack Obama hugs first lady Michelle as they watch the Diamond Head basketball game between Oregon State and Akron during their Christmas vacation in Honolulu, Hawaii, December 22, 2013. (REUTERS/Hugh Gentry) U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama applaud the national anthem, played by trumpeter Arturo Sandoval (not pictured), as they arrive in their box for the 2013 Kennedy Center Honors at the Kennedy Center in Washington December 8, 2013. Musicians Herbie Hancock, Billy Joel and Carlos Santana, as well as opera singer Martina Arroyo and actress Shirley MacLaine are being honored this year for their lifetime contributions to American culture through the performing arts. (REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst)) President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama participate in a candle lighting to remember the 20 children and 6 adult school employees killed in New Town one year ago. ISP pool. (Photo by Dennis Brack/WHITE HOUSE POOL) US President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama wave as they attend the The Congressional Black Caucus Foundation, Inc. (CBCF) Annual Phoenix Awards September 21, 2013 at the Washington Convention Center in Washington, DC. (PAUL J. RICHARDS/AFP/Getty Images) U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama smiles as U.S. President Barack Obama arrives with sacks of toys and gifts from the Executive Office of the President staff to donate to the Marine Corps Toys for Tots Campaign in Washington December 10, 2014. (REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque) U.S. President Barack Obama kisses first lady Michelle Obama at the annual White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn April 21, 2014 in Washington, DC. President Obama and the first lady hosted thousands of children for the annual White House event dating back to 1876 that features live music, sports courts, cooking stations, storytelling, as well as the Easter egg roll this year. (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images) US President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama arrive for the 2014 National Medal of Arts ceremony in the East Room of the White House on September 10, 2015 in Washington, DC. (MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images) U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama arrive at the Kennedy Center Honors Reception at the White House in Washington December 6, 2015. (REUTERS/Yuri Gripas) U.S. President Barack Obama has his tie adjusted by first lady Michelle Obama as they await the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan for a State Dinner at the White House in Washington, September 25, 2015. (REUTERS/Mike Theiler) United States President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama depart the White House in Washington June 26, 2015. The president and Mrs. Obama are travelling to Charleston, South Carolina to attend services for the Rev. Clementa Pinckney, who was one of nine people slain at Mother Emanuel Church last week. (REUTERS/Gary Cameron) U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama participate in the National Christmas Tree lighting in Washington, U.S., December 1, 2016. (REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst) U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama perform a reading of the children's book "Where the Wild Things Are" for children gathered for the annual White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, March 28, 2016. (REUTERS/Yuri Gripas) U.S. President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama react while waiting for the arrival of the Iceland Prime Minister Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson and his wife at a state dinner in the White House during the U.S.-Nordic Leaders Summit in Washington, U.S. May 13, 2016. (REUTERS/Carlos Barria) U.S. President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle exit Air Force One as they arrive at Havana's international airport for a three-day trip, in Havana March 20, 2016. (REUTERS/Carlos Barria) President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama arrive at the Phoenix Awards Dinner at Walter E. Washington Convention Center on September 17, 2016 in Washington, DC. (Earl Gibson III/Getty Images) First Lady Michelle Obama and President Barack Obama leave the White House and board Marine One on July 12, 2016 in Washington, DC. The Obamas are on their way to Dallas, Texas where the President will deliver remarks at an interfaith service at the Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center with the families of the fallen police officers and members of the Dallas community. (Photo by Leigh Vogel/WireImage) U.S. President Barack Obama greets daughter Malia (not seen) and first lady Michelle Obama on stage after delivering his farewell address at the McCormick Place, the largest convention center in North America, on January 10, 2017 in Chicago, United States. (Photo by Bilgin Sasmaz/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama arrive to board Air Force One for travel to Chicago to deliver a farewell address, from Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, U.S. January 10, 2017. (REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst) U.S. President Barack Obama hugs his wife, First Lady Michelle Obama, onstage, after delivering his farewell address to the American people at McCormick Place in Chicago, Illinois. ( Photo by Cheriss May/NurPhoto via Getty Images) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE

Although her tenure in the role has not been without controversy, the first lady has enjoyed relatively high popularity. Polling on the position throughout her time in office found nearly two-thirds of the country had a favorable opinion of her for most of her time in office. She dipped to her lowest point -- 58 percent --shortly before the 2016 Democratic convention, according to Gallup.

During his farewell address in Chicago, the outgoing president paid a tearful tribute to his wife.

SEE MORE: Laura Ingraham accuses President Obama of 'crocodile tears' in farewell speech

"You took on a role you didn't ask for and made it your own with grace and grit and style and good humor," he said.

Many people, especially among Democrats, have been clamoring for her to run for office someday -- a plan she has repeatedly shot down.

SEE ALSO: Where is Sasha Obama? First daughter conspicuously missing from Obama's farewell address

