hollywoodlife.com/2015/09/17/alicia-vikander-michael-fassbender-break-up-split-relationship/

Jason Brow, Music, Sports Editor

Michael Fassbender & Alicia Vikander Split After 9 Months Of Dating

How sad. Another Hollywood romance allegedly bites the dust. After dating for 9 months, ‘X-Men: First Class’ star Michael Fassbender and Alicia Vikander have broken up, according to a new report.

Oh no! It seems like the summer of break-ups is not over yet! The latest reported romance to fall apart is the one between Michael Fassbender, 38, and Alicia Vikander, 26. The Steve Jobs star and the Swedish actress have allegedly split after nine months together!



Love is dead! Michael and Alicia have reportedly called it quits, a source tells Us Weekly. Aww, bummer. Alicia and Michael have been together for not even a year. They reportedly first met on the set of their film, The Light Between The Oceans, in late 2014 and sparked a new romance.

The last time Alicia and Michael were photographed together was in May 2015. The two attended the Formula One Grand Prix in Monaco, looking affectionate while posing in front of one of the sports cars. It may just be their romance ran out of gas?

Michael has a reported history of dating his co-stars, according to the Daily Mail. He was involved with his X-Men: First Class co-star, Zoe Kravitz, from 2010 to 2011. Afterward, he later was involved with his fellow Shame star, Nicole Beharie.

Though their romance is allegedly over, both Michael and Alicia’s careers are going strong. In addition to his turn playing the Apple co-creator in Steve Jobs, Michael will reprise his role of Magneto in X-Men: Apocalypse. As for Alicia, she’ll appear opposite Bradley Cooper and Sienna Miller in Burnt. She also has been cast in the next Bourne movie, featuring Matt Damon and Tommy Lee Jones.

Michel and Alicia’s reported split is the latest in a long line of Hollywood break-ups. Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner announced their divorce after a decade together. Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert called it quits. Blake’s The Voice co-star, Gwen Stefani, divorced Gavin Rossdale. Plus, Antonio Banderas and Melanie Griffith finalized their divorce, ending their 18-year marriage. Plus, Avril Lavigne and Chad Kroeger broke up! Even Weezy couldn’t keep the love alive, as Lil Wayne and Christina Milian split after spending a year together.

Are you sad over the reported break-up between Michael and Alicia, HollywoodLifers?

— Jason Brow

