pagesix.com/2017/10/31/the-text-that-changed-everything-between-j-lo-and-a-rod/

October

The text that changed everything for J.Lo and A-Rod

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

When Alex Rodriguez first met Jennifer Lopez, the former baseball player wasn’t sure if their dinner was a meeting or a date.

“He was sitting there in his white shirt, very confident and manly, but then he was just so talkative!” the “Shades of Blue” stunner recalled to Vanity Fair.

“I think he thought I was going to be this loud person, but I’m not,” she continued. “I just listen. So he’s talking, talking about his plans, about how he had just retired from baseball, about how he saw himself getting married again, all these things you wouldn’t normally talk about on a first date. I don’t know if he thought it was a date. I thought it was a date. Then I knew he was nervous because he asked me if I wanted a drink. I said, ‘No, I don’t drink,’ and he asked if I minded if he had one.”

Rodriguez, 42, admitted feeling “uneasy” going into the night, “not knowing her situation” ahead of time.

“It would be incredibly productive for me to sit with one of the smartest, greatest women in the world, especially for a guy like me who is coming through tough times, rehabbing himself, re-establishing himself to folks out there. I thought it would be a win-win no matter what,” he explained.

After Lopez, 48, confirmed her single status “around the third or fourth inning,” Rodriguez then let his fingers do the talking.

see also Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are dating A source told us of the new power couple, “They...

“I had to get up and go readjust my thoughts,” he said. “I went to the bathroom and got enough courage to send her a text.”

Lopez received the text from the father of two, which read, “You look sexy AF.”

“And then it took a turn,” she said. “The fire alarm went off, and we had to evacuate.”

The red-hot pair, who confirmed their romance earlier this year, have been attached at the hip since their Bahamian getaway in March. Lopez, who shares 9-year-old twins Emme and Max with ex-husband Marc Anthony, revealed in September this is the first time she’s been in a “good relationship.”

“We complement each other, and there’s really pure, true love. Just wanting to support the other person and make them happy. So there’s a different selflessness in the love that’s beautiful and different. And healthy!” Lopez told Hola! USA in September.

