www.newidea.com.au/nicole-kidman-and-keith-urban-s-heartbreaking-news

Audrey Goddard

Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban's relationship is at breaking point

The publication claims that Nicole and Keith recently headed to the quiet town of Cabot in Vermont to attend 'Marriage Quest', which In Touch describes as a five-day private counseling retreat.

‘Nicole and Keith went for an emergency stay,’ an insider is sensationally quoted as saying by the publication. ‘It was an extremely emotional and testing few days.’

‘Friends think this will end in divorce,’ the source told the magazine.

The outrageous report that has stunned fans around the world In Touch magazine

Nicole and Keith have been married for 12 years, but according to In Touch there are just too many obstacles for the couple to overcome. Nicole has reportedly struggled to deal with the legacy of Keith’s past addiction issues, as well as time apart, and rumours of antics on the road.

‘They have been putting a Band-Aid over their problems for too long,’ claimed the insider. ‘While they have smiles plastered on their faces in public, in private, things have been falling apart.’

The trip to Vermont marked an attempt to patch things up, according to the publication.

It was allegedly Keith who wanted to take the trip to Vermont with Nicole initially refusing to go, claims In Touch.

‘They addressed a range of issues including emotional intimacy and focused on the root of their problems as they learned to break down walls and start working on their issues rather than plastering over the cracks,’ explained the source.

Keith and Nicole have yet to respond to In Touch's allegations, and have always maintained that they enjoy a happy marriage.

The pair have always been very loved up on the red carpet. Getty Images

Nicole has never been shy about her love and commitment to Keith, saying how much she appreciates all the effort he puts into their marriage.

'For every single night he's away, he leaves me a love letter,' she has said. 'Every single night of our relationship.'



With that level of commitment, and the evident love between them at recent public appearances, it's hard to believe these two are splitting anytime soon.

