www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2017/beyonce-and-jay-z-building-million-dollar-nursery-for-twins/

Sean O'Brien

Beyonce and Jay-Z Building Million Dollar Nursery For Twins?

Beyonce is pregnant with twins, as everybody on the planet knows by now. And according to a new report, Beyonce also wants to built a million dollar nursery for these twins. Okay, actually, Beyonce and Jay-Z want to build this nursery. But let’s be real – if Beyonce wants something, you think Jay-Z is going to say no?

And also, when was the last time we saw Jay-Z claiming to want something, and Beyonce jumping on that bandwagon? And don’t say a divorce #neverforgetthelevatorincident. Anyway, Radar’s source claims, “Beyonce told Jay Z she wants a million-dollar nursery in her home! The place will have two of everything. It must have two lamps, changing tables, cribs, stuffed animals and a closet stocked with baby designer duds from Lanvin and Hermes…. money is no object. It has to be perfect.”

Well, duh to that last part. ‘Money is no object’, as though that even needed to be stated. Truthfully, the fact that this is news is somewhat mind boggling. Why does the fact that Beyonce wants a fancy, expensive nursery need to become a thing? In fact, it would have been more news-worthy had Beyonce NOT wanted a million dollar nursery? Have you SEEN Blue Ivy’s clothes?!

The more interesting part of this report is the fact that Beyonce ‘told’ Jay-Z she wants a million dollar nursery, not that Jay-Z is ‘enthusiastic’ about a million dollar nursery. Again, what Beyonce wants, Beyonce gets. But the phrasing of this report is definitely curious; it was alleged for a while that Jay-Z and Beyonce were still biding their time to announce a separation, or at least, a trial separation – and then bam, the announcement that came instead was that Beyonce was pregnant with twins. It’s hard to believe that everything is suddenly hunky dory just because Beyonce is pregnant now.

If anything, the problems between the two are likely amplified, but we’re not hearing anything because Beyonce shut down the leaks in her camp. And now, we’ll hear only what she wants us to hear – like the fact that she wants a fancy nursery for her twins.

Image Credit: FameFlynet

