thejasminebrand.com/2018/05/17/kris-jenner-is-not-afraid-to-sue-an-employee-even-if-if-theyre-poor-well-take-payments-garner-your-wages/

Kellie Williams

Kris Jenner Is Not Afraid To Sue An Employee, Even If If They're Poor

Kris Jenner Is Not Afraid To Sue An Employee, Even If If They’re Poor – We’ll Take Payments & Garner Your Wages!

Kris Jenner is hiring, but it takes a special person to work for one of Hollywood’s most popular families! The matriarch of the Kardiashan Jenner family is on the hunt for a new personal assistant. She explains what she’s looking for,

It’s about being discreet and being private and learning. That’s definitely a skill set. And being able to be mature and understand what the family is all about. If somebody has something that’s happening in your life at the moment and it is a private thing, then somebody [would need] to have a lot of respect for that.

The business woman who is the brains behind her family’s reality show, Keeping Up With the Kardashians, says that has no tolerance for,

When something needs to be protected and somebody else doesn’t understand the importance of that. That’s a problem.

Kris also makes it clear that she’ll take legal action against an employee that does something wrong and will hold them accountable.

We obviously will go to and spare [raises voice] no expense to hold somebody accountable if that happens on our team. I don’t care how much money somebody might have, if they have nothing. Some people think, ‘Oh, I don’t have any money, and they’re not going to sue me.’

She laughed,

Well, we’ll take payments. We’ll garner those wages for, you know, the next 10 years. But I just think that people don’t think. It’s a foolish thing to do. Some people think, ‘Oh, I don’t have any money, and they’re not going to sue me.’ Well, we’ll take payments.

In terms of what Kris is looking for, she needs someone on call 24 hours a day and have

scheduling down on a very high level. It’s nonstop. Every day is different, you never know what to expect and you have to be ready to pivot on a dime.

Follow us: @theJasmineBRAND on Twitter | theJasmineBRAND on Facebook| theJasmineBRAND_ on Instagram

