www.intouchweekly.com/posts/tristan-thompson-feels-dumped-khloe-kardashian-162092

Samantha Benitz

Tristan Thompson Feels Dumped by Khloe Kardashian Since She Won't Let Him Move in

Khloé Kardashian has forgiven Tristan Thompson after his shocking cheating scandal, but she’s not exactly ready to play house with her baby daddy just yet. Even though the reality star and NBA baller have officially returned to Los Angeles with their precious daughter, Tristan feels “dumped” since she’s not letting him move in with them. “She still wants him in her life, and she wants True to have a father,” a source tells In Touch exclusively. “He may not be the best boyfriend, but he’s a good father.”

“She’d been planning to ask him to move in when she returned home from Cleveland with True,” our source explained. “But then the cheating scandal happened, and she had to rethink everything. There obviously are trust issues now. But Khloé still hasn’t kicked him to the curb. She found it in her heart to forgive him. She just doesn’t think it’s the right time for them to be moving in together.”

It looks like Khloé is trying to put the drama behind her once and for all, as she was spotted out with the Cavaliers star on June 18. The new parents stopped by the celebrity hotspot Nobu before making their way to The Peppermint Club. Khloé appears to be putting on a brave face after welcoming baby True in April, days after the cheating scandal came to light. As they work on their relationship issues, Khloé will stay at her house while Tristan will reside nearby at his Los Angeles-based home.

Khloé has faced no shortage of drama after Tristan’s infidelities. A video surfaced in April of her baby daddy kissing one woman while being groped by another in Washington, D.C., while Khloé was reportedly three months pregnant. Making matters even worse, Tristan was also spotted making out with Instagram model Lani Blair at an NYC nightclub days before Khloé gave birth to their first child together. Time will tell if they can work through their differences!

Read more about Khloé and Tristan in the latest issue of In Touch on newsstands now!

