www.teenvogue.com/story/gigi-hadid-victorias-secret-fashion-show-quit-china-ban-internet-reactions

Condé Nast, Alyssa Hard

Gigi Hadid Pulled Out of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, and the Internet Has Opinions

Gigi Hadid fans received unexpected some news yesterday: the supermodel will not be walking in the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show this week in Shanghai. In an announcement on Twitter she posted, “I’m so bummed I won’t be able to make it to China this year. Love my VS family, and will be with all my girls in spirit!! Can't wait to tune in with everyone to see the beautiful show I know it will be, and already can't wait for next year!”

Up until Thursday, it was understood that Gigi would be joining her sister and walking the show for the third year in a row. The abrupt announcement has many fans speculating as to why she will not be there. While some have cited other models having issues with Visa’s, the majority feel that it might have something to do with a viral video of her that was posted to Snapchat a few months ago. In the video, Gigi is shown squinting her eyes while holding a Buddha, which was seen as extremely offensive. With the show taking place in Shanghai, commenters called for the model to drop out almost immediately after news broke that she was joining the 2017 model cast. Despite a written apology several months after the incident, it appears several fans were still held a grudge.

After she announced on social media that she wouldn't be walking in Shanghai after all, one person replied to her post, stating: “It’s what you deserved after that offensive video, and your white ass couldn’t even publicly apologize. We got Bella, we’re good sis.” Another reiterated, “China did what was right! This is the consequences to her actions. May this be a lesson for her. Apologies doesn’t erase the actions.”

[twitter: https://twitter.com/LeeOlivia4ever/status/931358940641632257]

Others are highly upset that Gigi is out of the show, and they're blaming Victoria's Secret for her absence using the hashtag #VSShowIsOver.

While it does seem likely that the blowback from the video could have caused Gigi's absence this year, neither Victoria’s Secret nor Gigi have confirmed the rumors. This isn't the only setback Victoria's Secret staff is facing while producing the 2017 show in Shanghai, according to reports. Media outlets are alleging that Katy Perry is out as a performer because she was denied access into China after wearing a costume with sunflowers — an anti-China symbol — during a performance in Taiwan. It's been reported that four models and several bloggers were denied Visas to enter China, and Adriana Lima's visa is in purgatory. Watch this space for updates.

Related: Gigi Hadid Apologizes for “Racist” Post “Mocking” Asians

Check this out:

