hollywoodlife.com/2016/07/19/kim-kardashian-planned-taylor-swift-video-release-defend-kanye-west-family/

Jenna Lemoncelli, Entertainment Editor

Kim Kardashian Carefully Planned Taylor Swift Video Release With Kanye ‘To Defend Family’

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s plan to expose Taylor Swift’s phone call with the rapper, was no spur-of-the-moment decision. HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY learned the couple’s carefully thought out plan behind their video release, and it was all ‘to defend her family.’ Get the scoop here!

The phone call Kim, 35, released on her Snapchat between Taylor, 26, and Kanye, 39, was no random action. In fact, the reality star and the fashion designer tag-teamed the entire thing. “Kim and Kanye discussed everything about the Taylor Swift video before releasing it. Kanye was in on the plan to release the tape as was Kim‘s entire team of lawyers, managers and publicists. Everything Kim did was carefully planned, timed and calculated for maximum effect,” a source tells HollywoodLife.com.

Although it could have been seen as an attack on the “Bad Blood” singer, it was all in the name of defense for the pair. The two both had their own part in the plan and “Kim wanted to set the record straight with Taylor and Kanye once and for all. This was not something Kim did spontaneously or without discussing it with her husband, or the people she leans on for support and guidance. Kanye was part of digging up the film and making it available to Kim so she could post it. This was coordinated and well-planned.” With her loved ones in mind, “Kim was adamant on doing what was right to defend her family name and that is why she released the tape,” the source added.

Even though Kim and Kanye revealed the phone call in defense of their family name, we don’t think it’s going to stop the singer from her plans to release a revenge song against the rapper. Not to mention, HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY told you that Taylor could take the couple to court over the phone call release.

Since many celebs have spoken out about the reignited feud already and even taken sides, this battle doesn’t seem to to be slowing down any time soon. As the story develops, you know we will keep you guys updated!

HollywoodLifers, what do you think about this new revelation? Do you think Kim and Kanye were right to release the video in order to defend their family name? Tell us what you think in the comments below!

