cities97.iheart.com/content/2017-10-04-obamas-celebrate-25th-anniversary-after-false-split-stories/

Shari Weiss

Obamas Celebrate 25th Anniversary After False Split Stories

In May of 2016, for example, the National Enquirer ran a ridiculous article absurdly claiming Michelle was caught “flirting” with Morgan Freeman, sending President Obama into a “rage.” That was followed a few months later, in August of 2016, by a body-shaming story from the supermarket tabloid, which outrageously alleged he had given the First Lady a “diet or divorce” ultimatum. “He’s ordered Michelle to hit the White House gym or get slapped with divorce papers,” a so-called “source” asserted, further contending, “Sadly, it appears their marriage is through. I don’t see how they will ever get back together. It’s finished.”

Barack and Michelle Obama celebrated their 25th wedding anniversary on Tuesday. The former First Couple wed on October 3, 1992. To mark the milestone, Michelle shared the above photo from their nuptials on Twitter, writing, “Happy 25th anniversary @barackobama. A quarter of a century later, you’re still my best friend & the most extraordinary man I know. I [love] you.” The happy occasion comes after Gossip Cop spent the last year and a half busting false reports of marital trouble and a possible split.

{"position1": {"catalog_type": "station", "description": "", "id": 4429, "name": "The Beat", "station": {"call_letters": "IURB-FL", "countries": "US", "description": "Hip Hop, R\u0026B and Back in the Day Joints", "id": 4429, "name": "The Beat"}, "stations": [{"call_letters": "IURB-FL", "countries": "US", "description": "Hip Hop, R\u0026B and Back in the Day Joints", "id": 4429, "name": "The Beat"}], "type": "catalog"}}

Of course, nothing was “finished” between the committed spouses. And so, after the 2016 election last November, the National Enquirer tried again, this time with a report announcing, “Obamas To Split After White House Exit!” The gossip magazine actually maintained divorce lawyers were already “hammering out a deal so the presidential pair can end their 24-year union as soon as they leave the White House!” At issue, claimed the tabloid, was “child support, custody, and their $25 million fortune,” As Gossip Cop rightly said at the time, though, the allegations were total bullsplit.

The Obamas left office in January and immediately went on a joint vacation. In the time since, they’ve made no move towards a divorce. Yet Radar Online decided to revive the split narrative this past July, suggesting there were “marriage problems” because the former president was “spotted smiling without his wedding band.” It was sensationalized drivel that was spun simply because Barack posed for a photo in an airport. It was followed, however, by another story claiming Barack wanted to “cut loose and party” and had secret plans to “live life as a bachelor without Michelle” amid “divorce rumors.”

Those manufactured “divorce rumors,” however, had no merit and only came from the webloid and its print counterpart. But according to this tale, the ex commander-in-chief had “kicked wife Michelle to the curb” and wanted to “enjoy all the lovely young women” around him. It was even alleged they “secretly agreed to a $25 million divorce deal,” and a purported “insider” was quoted as saying, “Their marriage is through. The wedding band is gone — and Michelle will soon follow!” So, what really followed those contentions?

Well, the Obamas remained together, just as Gossip Cop said they would. And today, they mark a quarter of century united in marriage. Gossip Cop sincerely wishes the couple a rumor-free anniversary, and we’ll be here to correct any continued misinformation as necessary.

Photo: Instagram/MichelleObama

