www.elle.com/uk/life-and-culture/culture/a22633193/kim-kardashian-conversation-khloe-tristan-thompson-cheating-scandal/

Katie O'Malley

Kim Kardashian Recalls 'Tough Conversation' With Khloé About Tristan Thompson Cheating Scandal

If there's one thing we can all agree on is that the Kardashian and Jenner family stick together through thick and thin.

Whether it's recent criticism regarding Kim Kardashian's triggering comments about anorexia, Kourtney and ex boyfriend Scott Disicks on/off relationship, or Kylie's pregnancy being kept out of the media spotlight, this family always has each other's back.

So we can only imagine the devastation the family felt following Khloé's boyfriend Tristan Thompson's cheating scandal earlier this year.

Getty Images

Days before the reality star welcomed her first child True Thompson with the NBA player in April, the couple were marred by allegations of infidelity by the sportsman.

After the news hit the headlines, Kim Kardashian, Kourtney Kardashian and Kris Jenner were spotting flying immediately to Cleveland, Ohio to be with the 34-year-old for her baby's birth.

And while Kim and Tristan appear to have made amends following True's birth, that's not to say when she first found out about the scandal she wasn't livid.

In an interview with Ryan Seacrest during an On Air With Ryan Seacrest interview on Thursday, the mother-of-three opened up about the tough conversation she had with Khloé when the news broke.

Dia Dipasupil Getty Images

'We definitely all had that conversation and honestly I don't want to give too much away because we genuinely had those conversations,' said Kim.

'And sometimes we were filming and sometimes we weren't and it was more maybe when Khloe wanted her privacy and no cameras when she was in Cleveland going through that, [but] the sisters were still all filming and talking [about] how to approach it and what to do.'

'It was definitely new territory for us when you have a new baby coming into the world,' she added. 'I think ultimately we always want her to be happy, but it gets all clouded when there's a baby and, you know? Her motherly instincts kicked in and she has to do what makes her happy so we'll support that.'

The reality star also recalled the 'moment' her younger sister went into labour when they were filming KUWTK.

'There was a moment where we were all flying to Cleveland when she went into labour and we were filming and [Kris] didn't want anyone to know she was in labour,' Kim continued.

'So my mum just left and got on a plane and then Khloé called us. We were with a bunch of other people in this live interview that she didn't want to know. So she goes and gets on a plane and then me and my other sisters get on another plane and we were like, "This is so stupid! We all need to be together and go through this!" And it was like so much drama getting there.'

Kim first spoke out about allegations of Tristan's infidelity on The Ellen DeGeneres Show short after rumours hit the headlines, calling it 'so f*cked up'. As a result, the 27-year-old basketball player blocked Kim on Instagram but followed her again on Khloé's birthday in June.

If you mess with one Kardashian, you mess with them all.

