pagesix.com/2011/11/15/jennifer-anistons-tearful-meeting-with-justin-therouxs-ex/

Pagesix.Com Staff, November

Jennifer Aniston’s ‘tearful’ meeting with Justin Theroux’s ex

It’s hard to imagine Jennifer Aniston having a sit-down with Angelina Jolie — who Aniston’s then-husband Brad Pitt fell for while they filmed “Mr. and Mrs. Smith” together. But while Aniston may have played a similar role in the breakup of Justin Theroux and his girlfriend of 14 years, Aniston specifically requested a meeting to clear the air with her boyfriend’s ex, reports say.

According to Grazia magazine, Aniston had a “tearful” meeting with Theroux’s ex, stylist Heidi Bivens, at the Mercer Hotel last week. The two had a glass of wine as they spoke, sources say. Theroux was nowhere in sight.

“Jen has always been sympathetic to Heidi because she’s heard from Justin just how devastated she is about their break-up,” a source told the magazine. “Jen told Heidi that she understands what a painful time she has been going through and explained that she wanted her to know, hand on heart, that she would never steal another woman’s man.”

Aniston and Theroux met while filming “Wanderlust” in Georgia last fall, a comedy about a couple how moves to a rural commune when they find themselves unemployed. The two became close on set, but Theroux was still with Bivens at the time. Aniston and Theroux weren’t seen together again until March, when they both attended a dinner at the Chateau Marmont with friends.

JENNIFER ANISTON NOT PREGNANT, EXPECTING

JUSTIN AND JENNIFER’S LINGERIE SPREE

The couple wasn’t romatically linked until late May, and when the two were photographed together for the first time in early June, Bivens’ mother denied that her daughter and Theroux had split. But a week later, Bivens’ rep confirmed to Page Six that the couple had broken up. “She just moved out of their home last weekend,” the rep said. “She has no comment.” Sources said Bivens was “heartbroken” and “blindsided.”

According to Grazia, Aniston wanted to make it clear to Bivens that her relationship with Theroux started no earlier than May and that she is not a “homewrecker.”

“Jen has always been adamant that their relationships did not cross over,” a source tells the magazine. “Heidi apparently got quite tearful during the meeting, as it was understandably a lot of take in.”

Bivens has been called a “super-stylist” by Web site Refinery 29. She has styled videos for Kanye West, The White Stripes and Charlotte Gainsbourg and has worked for Details and Vogue.

Aniston’s relationship with Theroux has progressed quickly since the summer. But Aniston recently cleared up rumors that she’d have big news soon. “Rumor number one: I am not planning to get married any time soon. I’ve been married once, and I don’t know if I’ll get married again. But I can tell you that as of this very moment, I have no plan to get married. Got that?” she said. “And rumor number two: no, we’re not pregnant.”

