www.elle.com/uk/life-and-culture/culture/a21091091/kendall-jenner-kissing-straddling-anwar-hadid-cfda-awards/

Katie O'Malley

Kendall Jenner Caught Kissing And Straddling Anwar Hadid For Two Hours Following CFDA Awards

Weeks after Anwar Hadid split from long-term girlfriend Nicola Peltz, Gigi and Bella Hadid’s younger brother was seen smooching their BFF, Kendal Jenner, at a CFDA Awards after-party in New York City on Monday evening.

Following the intimate moment, TMZ published a grainy photo of the 22-year-old straddling Anwar during their kiss at Socialista New York, which according to the publication lasted two hours and ended around 4am when the model left on her own.

Yes, two hours. That’s the equivalent of two episodes of Love Island. In other words - dedication.

Instagram

On Monday, Jenner also posted multiple photos to her Instagram Story, including a snap of Anwar’s tattooed hands modeling two sequined cherries, which the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star also snapped Gigi holding at the awards.

Kendall Jenner Instagram

Despite being currently linked to NBA star Ben Simmons, Kendall’s kiss with Anwar isn’t entirely surprising, given their close relationship over the years.

In 2016, the reality star even posted an adorable photo with 18-year-old in which she plants a kiss on his cheek with the caption ‘dibs’, suggesting this recent smooch was a long time coming for the pair.

Perhaps awkwardly for Kendall and Anwar, Gigi was also in attendance at the awards and posed for several photos with her little brother, but is yet to comment on his romantic make-out session with her friend.

Anwar reportedly called time on his relationship with model Nicola Peltz earlier this year after confirming their romance in January 2017 to WWD.

Despite being spotted attending Prada's Resort 2019 fashion show together last month, the pair no longer follow each other on social media.

Anwar Hadid Instagram

Meanwhile, Kendall was spotted by photographers on a bike ride with rumoured love interest Simmons in West Hollywood just a day before the CFDA Awards.

The two also were seen hitting up the Nice Guy food chain in West Hollywood last Wednesday with model Kaia Gerber and Kylie Jenner’s BFF Jordan Woods.

NBA star Ben Simmons Getty Images

However, if you're expecting Kendall to speak out about her romance with Anwar anytime soon, you might be waiting a rather long time given her preference to keep quiet when it comes to discussing her love life.

In a recent interview with Vogue, she said: ‘I think it's because I'm not like all my other sisters, who are like, “Here's me and my boyfriend!” So it was a thing for a minute because no one ever saw me with a guy.

'I would always go that extra mile to be low-key with guys, sneaking around all the time. You don't want to, like, look crazy.’

Watch this space.

