www.mother.ly/news/is-meghan-markle-pregnant

Conz Preti, Jennifer Labracio, Heather Marcoux, Motherly, Sabrina Rojas, Zara

Meghan Markle's pregnancy plans are her business—and nobody else's

It feels like the royal wedding was just yesterday, but people are already placing bets on when Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will welcome a royal baby. Markle's father, Thomas Markle, only added to the speculation when he appeared on the U.K.'s Good Morning Britain this week and said "I don't think there is a stork in the air yet but I think it will happen sooner or later."



In so many ways, Meghan Markle's life as a Duchess is different from what most newlywed women experience, but in this way, it's pretty similar. While other women don't have millions of eyes watching them the way Markle does, constantly being asked if you're pregnant or trying to conceive can make a woman feel like she does.

FEATURED VIDEO ALL OUR VIDEOS

Actress Gabrielle Union has previously stated that this isn't just a problem for women in the spotlight, like her and Markle, but for many women. "People feel very entitled to know, 'Do you want kids?'" Union said while promoting her book, We're Going to Need More Wine. "A lot of people, especially people that have fertility issues, just say 'no' because that's a lot easier than being honest about whatever is actually going on. People mean so well, but they have no idea the harm or frustration it can cause."

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle did go on record as being team kids during their first post-interview engagement with the BBC. When asked the kid question, Prince Harry replied, "I think eventually, one step at a time and we'll start a family in the near future."

That doesn't mean that it's happening right this moment.

If Meghan Markle and Prince Harry ever announce that a royal baby is on the way, we will be so happy for them, but until that day comes, we'd be happy if everyone but the couple kept the stork talk to themselves.

Planning a pregnancy is a personal, often private decision...even if you are the one of the most famous women in the world.

You might also like:

