www.elle.com/uk/life-and-culture/culture/news/a38002/kendall-jenner-makes-kuwtk-cameramen-cry/

Daisy Murray

Kendall Jenner Can't Help But Make The KUWTK Cameramen Cry

Whatever your preconceptions about Keeping Up With The Kardashians, the hit 10-years-in-the-running show contains some seriously emotional storylines.

If you look past all the staring into iPhone screens, those daily delivered box salads and the 'like, seriously' slang, there's some genuinely stirring stuff in there.

What about Kim relaying the story of her terrifying ordeal in Paris? Khloe's fertility concerns? Scott and Courtney's frighteningly dysfunctional relationship?

Well, if you've shed the odd tear for the Ks over the years, you aren't alone.

In the family's celebratory Hollywood Reporter cover story, Kendall explained to the magazine that members of the crew can't help sobbing when one of the girls opens up.

She said, 'We have such a personal relationship with the crew. When one of us cries on the show usually you'll look around and the camera guy is crying and the producer is crying'

Kim added, 'It really is an intimate relationship. These people see every last thing.'

The crew can go from anything from one iPhone to a 30-strong team, all watching their every move.

Whoever was on set would have also been privy to Kendall's reaction to the politically insensitive Pepsi advert she was must-lambasted for. Though we as a public have received no evidence of how Kendall reacted to the onslaught of criticism (she has deleted all evidence of it on her social media and has never made a statement), Kim explains that Kendall would never let herself be shown on camera crying.

She told the magazine:

We're not perfect, but you see these things in the media, like Kendall and Pepsi, where I see her at home crying, but in the media she looks another way because she's not addressing it. I'm just like, 'This is wrong. You need to speak up.' She was like, 'I don't ever want to show that footage of me crying.' She was trying to not make excuses or be dramatic, but that was what she was going through at the time.

We suppose the only non-family members who know the truth are those blubbering crew members then.

