hollywoodlife.com/2015/03/12/harry-styles-taylor-swift-back-together-texting-nadine-leopold-breakup/

Tierney Mcafee

Harry Styles & Taylor Swift Texting After His Nadine Leopold Split

Now that Harry and Nadine are no longer an item, Taylor is hoping to rekindle her romance with the One Direction hottie. She even texted him to reconnect, but is Harry interested? Here’s what we know!

HollywoodLife.com told you Taylor Swift is all about getting back together with Harry Styles after his sad split from Nadine Leopold, and what Taylor wants, Taylor gets! Now that the two stars are back in touch, we can’t help but wonder is this could be the beginning of a Haylor reunion!

Harry Styles & Taylor Swift Back Together? — Texting After Nadine Leopold Breakup

It’s true that Taylor, 25, reached out to Harry, 21, after his breakup, but sadly for her, he wasn’t very responsive.

“Since the split, Taylor sent him a text just seeing how he was doing,” a source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.”

Taylor may have been trying to play it cool with a casual message, but according to our insider, “Their mutual friends say she is definitely still hung up on him. She thinks they have potential despite their past breakup. But Harry isn’t interested. He is actually kicking himself over losing Nadine.”

Ouch! That has to hurt. Poor Taylor! We have to say though, if Harry doesn’t appreciate Tay for the treasure she is, then we think he’s not the guy for her!

Taylor Swift Wants Harry Styles Back After His Split From Nadine Leopold

As HollywoodLife.com previously reported, Taylor was secretly overjoyed when Nadine, 21, dumped Harry.

“She still has feelings for Harry and the fact that Nadine broke up with him kind of gives her pleasure,” another source told us exclusively. “Now he knows how it feels [to have his heart broken]. She never thought Harry and Nadine were right for each other anyway.”

Well, what do YOU think, HollywoodLifers? Do you want Harry and Taylor to get back together? Tell us how you feel!

— Tierney McAfee, Reporting by Tim Plant

