www.timesnownews.com/entertainment/news/international-news/article/angelina-jolie-has-a-new-man-in-her-life-after-brad-pitt/188208



Angelina Jolie has a new man in her life, guess who?

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie split more than a year ago | Photo Credit: Instagram

Angelina Jolie is reportedly dating Cambodian lyricist and filmmaker PraCh Ly, nearly a year and a half after announcing her separation from her husband of two years, actor Brad Pitt.



"They're a perfect match. Their connection is becoming stronger by the day. It's just what Angie needs. Angie hasn't let anyone new into her life in a long time, but when she falls, she falls hard," okmagazine.com quoted a source as saying.



The couple was introduced to each other by their mutual friend Loung Ung, when the "Maleficent" star was in Cambodia to film "First They Killed My Father: A Daughter of Cambodia Remembers", based on Loung's novel.



Ly has also been reportedly spending time with Jolie's children at her Los Feliz estate, apart from touring temples and markets in the Cambodia Town section of Long Beach.

Recently there were reports that Brad Pitt is also looking for dating options.

READ: BUSTED! Brad Pitt’s master plan to flirt with commoners after split with Angelina Jolie

According to a report in IANS, Brad has been going around flirting with commoners using his Christian name, William Bradley Pitt.

The report stated that Pitt flirted with a woman and introduced himself as "William" on a caffeine run at Coffee Commissary here.

"He arrived by motorcycle, wearing sunglasses, jeans and a leather jacket," a source told pagesix.com.

The source added: "Pitt struck up a conversation with a blonde in line. She was acting overly bubbly and looked a little like Kate Bosworth, but it wasn't her.

"When the woman said, 'I'm Lydia', Pitt put out his hand and said, ‘Hi, I'm William'. She replied, ‘Oh, you look like a Bradley'. And he responded, ‘Well, that's my middle name' and smiled and winked at her."

"As Lydia exited, she said, 'Nice to meet you, Bradley… I mean William.' He laughed to himself, then got on his bike."

Well, let's see what is in store for these two.

