www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/brad-pitt-angelina-jolie-interview-126618/photos/brad-pitt-angelina-jolie-quote-9-191004

Life, Style Magazine

Brad Pitt Calls Angelina Jolie a Phony During Her First Sit-Down Interview (EXCLUSIVE)

Angelina Jolie had her first sit-down interview since her divorce from Brad Pitt was announced last year.

The 41-year-old actress held back tears when opening up about her family, but sources reveal exclusively to Life & Style that Brad, 53, is furious by what he sees as her quest to repair her image.

MORE: Brad Pitt Wins Big Court Battle Against Angelina Jolie

“He feels like the entire interview was Angie’s attempt to change the narrative that she was to blame for their divorce,” an insider says. “Brad didn’t think Angie was being genuine at all. The dramatic pauses, the tears — he told his friends that he thought she was acting.”

When asked by a BBC reporter while promoting her film First They Killed My Father if she would like to say something about her separation, Angelina didn’t elaborate but did call it a “difficult time.”

“We are a family, and we will always be a family. We will get through this time and hopefully be a stronger family for it.

MORE: The Biological Mother of Brad and Angelina’s Daughter Zahara Wants to Connect With the 12-Year-Old

She continued, “Many people find themselves in these situations … my focus is my children, our children, and my focus is finding this way through. As we said, we are and forever will be a family. That is how I’m coping. I’m coping with finding a way through that somehow this makes us stronger and closer.”

However, for Brad the seven-minute interview was telling, especially after she referred to Maddox, 15, Pax, 13, Zahara, 12, Shiloh, 10, and twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, as “my children” before correcting herself and saying “our children.”

Angelina in Cambodia in Feb. 2017.

“Brad agreed to let Angie take their kids to Cambodia,” the insider adds, “because he was promised the opportunity soon after to have some of them for two whole weeks.”

Earlier this year, Life & Style reported the Ocean’s Eleven actor, who has lost a shocking amount of weight, is devastated by the split as he is only allowed to see his kids for short periods of time.

MORE: Never Miss a Life & Style Exclusive by Signing up for Our Newsletter!

“Brad is like a broken man. He feels betrayed by a woman whom he says he still loves. He misses her despite everything that has happened between them,” the source said. “He was blindsided by their divorce — he still believes Angelina made an impulsive decision and can’t figure out how to reverse it and save face.”

So sad.

For more on Brad and Angelina, be sure to pick up the latest issue of Life & Style magazine, on newsstands now. For a look back at Brangelina quotes from happier times, click through the gallery below.

