metro.co.uk/2017/09/28/rob-kardashian-accuses-blac-chyna-of-having-baby-dream-to-shake-down-kardashians-in-explosive-lawsuit-6961295/

Rebecca Lewis, Emma Kelly

Rob Kardashian lawsuit accuses Blac Chyna of physical assault

Rob Kardashian is suing his ex Blac Chyna (Picture: WireImage)

Rob Kardashian has accused ex Blac Chyna of physical assault and of having their daughter to extort money from the Kardashians.

I’m A Celebrity’s Jacqueline Jossa ‘forgives’ Dan Osborne but gives him ultimatum

Rob, 30, and his sister Kylie Jenner, 20, have filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of the States of California against 29-year-old Chyna, real name Angela Renee White.

In the lawsuit, which has been seen by Metro.co.uk and was first reported by The Blast, Rob alleges that Chyna ‘physically abused Rob and engaged in reckless behaviour such as heavy drinking and drug use’.

And in a bombshell claim, Rob alleges that Chyna fell pregnant with daughter Dream to ‘shake down’ the Kardashians.

A section of the lawsuit reads: ‘Rob and Kylie [Jenner] are compelled to seek legal recourse against Chyna for enduring several months of injuries in Chyna’s deliberate attempt to extort the Kardashian family for her own monetary gains.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘Chyna’s desire to pursue a relationship and have a baby with Rob was nothing short of an outright fraud to shake down the Kardashian family without any concern of the consequences.’

Dream was born to the couple in November 2016.

Elsewhere in the lawsuit, Rob accuses his ex of a series of alleged assaults, claiming that Chyna physically assaulted him while ‘intoxicated on drugs and alcohol’ in

December 2016, as well as allegedly assaulting him ‘near the end of 2016 and continuing into 2017’.

Rob is accusing Chyna of assault and battery (Picture: The Blast / MEGA)

Rob claims that E! Network declined to offer the couple another season of their reality show Rob & Chyna due to their relationship being ‘beyond repair’.

The lawsuit claims Chyna was paid ‘$92,500 for every 60 minute episode and $112,350 for every 90 minute episode in which she appeared’.

He also claims that she then trashed the house,which he was renting from his sister Kylie Jenner and which was documented on a later episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

In the documents he alleges that she broke a door, damaged the walls, destroyed cell phones, damaged a TV – and perhaps most upsetting of all, smashed a gingerbread house that had been created for the Christmas holidays.

Kylie is also a plaintiff on the lawsuit Picture: Valerie Macon/Getty Images for Taste of Beverly Hills)

In the same lawsuit, Kylie has reportedly estimated the damage to the house was in excess of $100,000 (£74,000) and is also suing Chyna for the costs.

The suggested attack took place in December but four months later it was discussed on an episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians in which Kylie said: ‘My mum calls me and apparently Chyna threw something at my television.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘It’s a little disrespectful and I wouldn’t do that to someone else’s home.’

The pair split in July 2017 after months of unrest between the two.

Rob revealed the split by going on an a furious Instagram rant about his ex, and mother of his child, in which he shared Chyna’s alleged new man’s phone number and claimed that Rob had paid $100,000 for weight loss surgery after she welcomed her baby Dream.

He also accused her of cheating in their home and shared explicit photos that she had privately shared with Rob.

Chyna later won a temporary restraining order against Rob; in the order he was barred from any further cyberbullying of Chyna, including posting photos or videos of her, or making any personal comments about her.

Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Rob for comment. Chyna’s rep declined to comment.

MORE: Amber Rose calls Rob Kardashian a ‘f***boy’ over Blac Chyna revenge porn

MORE: Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna ‘still haven’t spoken’ since that explosive Instagram rant

