www.celebitchy.com/570385/enquirer_jennifer_garner_is_dating_a_lawyer_she_introduced_him_to_her_family/



Enquirer: Jennifer Garner is dating a lawyer, she introduced him to her family



Last month, Jennifer Garner was seen out with a “mystery man.” You can see the photos here, on The Daily Mail. The man had his arm around her but it didn’t look romantic and was more like a side hug as they walked. According to the National Enquirer, Garner has been seeing a lawyer and it’s so serious that she’s introduced him to her family in West Virginia. She allegedly did this over the holidays, which means she’s been with him for a while. There’s no mention in the article if it’s the same guy from the photos or if he’s met her kids.

Jennifer Garner… introduced her new lawyer beau to family members during a New Year’s weekend in Montana… “They stayed at a private residence in Yellowstone Club,” dished the source. “Jen and Ben arrived with the children. Ben celebrated Christmas with the kids but left to spend New Year’s with Lindsay. Jen’s boyfriend and her family arrived after Ben left… “In October, Jen’s sisters wanted to set her up on a blind date with a doctor, but she refused… “Everyone thought it was because Jen wanted to stay single. But it’s now looking more likely that she’d already found someone new!”

[From The National Enquirer, print edition, March 26, 2018]

It’s possible that The Enquirer found the identity of the guy in the photos and that he’s a lawyer but that Garner is just seeing him professionally. She must need legal services for her career and of course for her divorce. I hope this is true though. It’s just a sidebar article, they’re not honing in on US Weekly’s misleading cover about Ben and Jen’s non-reunion. How great would it be if Garner has an undercover civilian boyfriend and is just waiting for the right moment to premiere him? Would that tarnish her image as devoted separated mom or would she be celebrated as finally getting hers? I’m here for it, but the details are too vague at this point. For what it’s worth, Gossip Cop debunks this and says that Garner’s rep maintains that she’s single.

