hollywoodlife.com/2018/02/06/justin-bieber-selena-gomez-valentines-day-vacation-romantic-trip/

Robyn Merrett

Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez Spotted Leaving For Romantic Pre-Valentine’s Day Vacation

Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are still very much in love, and we’ve got EXCLUSIVE details on their Valentine’s Day trip!



Update: After we received EXCLUSIVE info that the two of them would travel before Valentine’s Day, Justin and Selena were finally seen headed to Los Angeles International Airport on Feb. 10 in a black SUV, which means their Valentine’s Day getaway is definitely underway! The adorable duo looked cute together as they chatted while sitting in back of the vehicle. The romantic trip can’t last too long though — Selena will have to be back for the Coach 1941 fashion show on Feb. 13 for NYFW. SEE THE PICS OF THE LOVEBIRDS ON THEIR WAY TO THE AIRPORT HERE!

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry aren’t the only celebrity couple with special Valentine’s Day plans! Justin Bieber, 23, is putting his own twist on the romantic holiday by celebrating his love for Selena Gomez, 25, a few days early! “Justin is on his way out of town and he invited Selena Gomez to join him for a intimate getaway. Justin has left LA for some fun on a spiritual retreat, and he is hoping Selena will join him for a pre-Valentine’s vacation together. His plan is to stay at a secret location, at a luxury resort, a few hours outside of Los Angeles for at least a few nights and he’s hoping she will break away from her busy schedule to join him for some romantic time alone,” a source close to Justin tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. Selena is one lucky woman, right?

JB’s romantic plans are especially sweet being that Selena just completed a two-week program at a treatment center for anxiety and depression. As we previously reported, Justin is living up to his boyfriend duties by making sure Selena is as happy and as healthy as possible. We definitely think an isolated trip to a luxury resort is all Selena needs right now, and it’s great to see Justin being so caring! Selena has certainly been through a lot this year. She received a kidney transplant and had a falling out with her mother Mandy Teefey after rekindling things with Justin.

We can only hope that Justin’s new efforts can earn him brownie points with Selena’s mom. After all, he seems to have turned over a new leaf since their relationship in 2009. The “What Do You Mean” singer has rededicated his life to religion, and was even spotted leaving a church service with his mom Pattie Mallette, 41, on Jan. 24. We love the new Justin!

HollywoodLifers, what do you think of Justin Bieber’s Valentine’s Day plans for Selena Gomez? Let us know your thoughts below!

