www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-1319630/Kristen-Stewart-usual-scowling-self-night-Robert-Pattinson.html

Daily Mail Reporter

Kristen Stewart is usual scowling self on night out with Robert Pattinson

Cheer up Kristen you're dating Robert Pattinson! Stewart is usual scowling self on night out



Really, what has she got to be so sullen about?

Kristen Stewart is dating one of the hottest guys in Hollywood, has a stellar career and millions of dollars in the bank.

Yet she still seems unable to raise a smile.



The 20-year-old actress had her usual scowl on her face - and ever-present cigarette in hand - as she went for a date with Robert Pattinson last night in Beverly Hills.

Ray of sunshine: Kristen Stewart was her usual scowling self on a date with Robert Pattinson in Beverly Hills last night



Pained: Stewart caused controversy earlier this year when she drew parallels between being photographed by paparazzi and being raped



Stewart obviously feels comfortable around Pattinson as she didn't bother dressing up at all, wearing a grey hoodie, no make-up and her scraggly unwashed hair hung limply around her face. Pattinson was his usual amiable, grinning self but Stewart couldn't even manage a smile, choosing instead to glare at her boyfriend as she puffed on her cigarette. The couple went for a sushi dinner at Hollywood hotspot Matsuhisa before hurrying into their waiting car and speeding off into the night.

Ducking down: Robert Pattinson was at least able to raise a smile as the couple were driven away



Twenty-year-old Stewart claims to have a lot to be unhappy about. Despite a career, boyfriend and bank balance that millions of mere mortals would kill for,the Twilight star does nothing but bemoan her privileged status. In an interview with Blackbook magazine last year she compared her life to that of Pattinson's character, Edward Cullen, in the hit vampire movies. RELATED ARTICLES Previous

1

Next Undercover love: Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart try to go unnoticed as they leave a dinner date in... Revealed: Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart's remote romantic lovenest Share this article Share 'Edward is actually a really good parallel to fame,' Kristen said. 'As a vampire, he has a sad, desolate life — fame is the same. 'Nothing about being a celebrity is desirable. I’m an actor. It’s bizarre to me that everybody’s so obsessive,' she continued. 'I don’t want to be a movie star like Angelina Jolie.' Yummy: Pattinson and Stewart tucked into a sushi dinner at Hollywood hotspot Matsuhisa



Earlier this year Stewart was forced to apologise after causing outrage and offence with comments she made in an interview with the July issue of British Elle magazine. In the offending quote, Stewart compared paparazzi photos of herself to images of a woman being raped.

'What you don't see are the cameras shoved in my face and the bizarre intrusive questions being asked, or the people falling over themselves, screaming and taunting to get a reaction,' she said. "The photos are so ... I feel like I'm looking at someone being raped. A lot of the time I can’t handle it. I never expected that this would be my life.' She went on to say: ' it really bothers me when people write nasty s--- about me and the perception is that I don’t give a f---. It could not be further from the truth.' Dinner for two: Maybe Stewart was so unhappy because Pattinson kept stealing food from her plate during dinner



Rape crisis advocates and women's groups alike were outraged by Stewart's comparison.

The actress subsequently issued an apology via People magazine: 'I really made an enormous mistake – clearly and obviously,' she said in an exclusive statement to the entertainment weekly. '. And I'm really sorry about my choice of words.

'I've made stupid remarks before, and I've always reasoned: "Whatever. They can think what they want,'



But in this instance, the Los Angeles-born actress said she felt compelled to address the situation: ' "Violated" definitely would have been a better way of expressing the thought,' she said.

Note to Kristen: If you really find life in the limelight so deplorable we hear McDonalds are hiring...



