www.her.ie/celeb/her-girl-crush-eleven-reasons-we-love-and-adore-angelina-jolie-121939

Sue Murphy

Her Girl Crush... Eleven Reasons We Love And Adore Angelina Jolie

Her Girl Crush... Eleven Reasons We Love And Adore Angelina Jolie

Every week, we love to focus on one woman who really impresses us or a woman that we just love. This week, we focus on the beauty and brains that is Angelina Jolie. Here are eleven reasons we love this superstar.

1. Have you seen her?

Yes, admit it. She's gorgeous.

2. Her body of work.

Angie's body of work is pretty impressive, ranging from strong badass women in films like Wanted to brilliant character depictions like Girl, Interrupted. She is arguably one of the best actresses working at the moment.

3. Her dedication to her family.

They go everywhere with her. All of them. ALL OF THEM!

4. Her humanitarian campaigns.

Angie in the past has worked as a UN ambassador drawing attention to war torn areas across the globe. She is also a spokeswoman on rape during war and works tirelessly to help children who are harmed by war. These are just a few of Angie's campaigns for which she has been honoured for on many an occasion. Oh, and after her visit to Cambodia, SHE called the UN to ask how she could help.

5. Taking the director's seat.

On top of a huge workload in acting, Angie has now moved into the director's seat for In the Land of Blood and Honey and the upcoming Unbroken.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDBU8CqU0dg

6. She's one half of one of our favourite couples.

Brad! BRAD AND ANGIE! Too much.

7. That Oscar speech.

Adorable.

8. She's a little bit left of centre.

Yes, she went around with a vial full of her other half's blood, but you know what? Angelina doesn't really care what you think.

9. She's brave.

The actress underwent a double mastectomy last year, but she also came clean about it in the press, a very brave decision for the actress and an inspirational story for many others.

10. Those lips!

They are hers. Honestly.

11. She is completely badass.

Lara Croft? Salt? Wanted? Mr. and Mrs. Smith? We wouldn't want to get in a fight with Angie, that's all we know.

