www.mtv.co.uk/zayn-malik/news/zayn-malik-taylor-swift



Zayn Malik Has His Say On The Taylor Swift 'Look What You Made Me Do' Drama

Nothing divides humanity quite like the force that is Taylor Swift. You either believe ‘Look What You Made Me Do’ is an anthem that slays the history of music - or you think that Swifty needs to just not, tbh.

And we know what you’ve been wondering in the midst of this whole thing – where does Zayn Malik stand on the matter?

Luckily, Zayn has confirmed once and for all whether he’s a member of Team Tay or not, giving his say on all the backlash that Swifty has been facing over her shade-filled new track.

Getty

Chatting to The Fader who quizzed him on the Taylor Swift drama, Zayn kept things pretty neutral when he said: "When it comes to anything that has to do with trivia about people’s personal lives or things that’s going on in their careers, I don’t necessarily pay too much attention."

Keeping well out of the whole thing, Zayn went on: "I don’t pay too much attention to what people even say about me. I just tend to take it for what it is when I meet them people in real life and have a conversation with them.

“If they’re cool with me, then I base my relationship on that."

Getty

While Zayn is staying on the fence for the Taylor vs Kimye feud, he did go on to confirm that he has no issues with Swifty herself, who is of course best pals with his girlfriend, Gigi Hadid.

"I rate her as an artist, I think she’s cool, I think she’s successful, and I think she deserves her success because she’s worked hard," he said.

"That’s just how I look at it. I did a song with her, it was fun, she was professional. She gets on with my girlfriend, they’re good friends."

"I don’t have a bad word to say about her," Zayn added finally. "She’s cool."

So that's that, Mr Malik has spoken - and remained in Gigi's good boyfriend books as an extra bonus.

Words by Lucy Wood

Now that you've had your daily dose of Zayn, you might as well check out his sexiest selfies of all time everrrr.

