www.goodhousekeeping.com/life/entertainment/a20701654/tonya-harding-dancing-with-the-stars-finale/

Caroline Picard, Health Editor, Caroline Is The Health Editor At Goodhousekeeping.Com Covering Nutrition, Fitness, Wellness, Other Lifestyle News.

Tonya Harding Made It to the "Dancing With the Stars" Finale and Fans Are Livid

Last night's triple elimination on Dancing With the Stars: Athletes sent half of the competition home, but not the contestants fans expected. Twitter erupted after controversial cast member Tonya Harding, 47, went onto next week's finale instead of fan favorites figure skater Mirai Nagasu and luger Chris Mazdzer.

Harding, known primarily for her involvement in an attack on fellow Olympian Nancy Kerrigan in 1994, has embarked on a comeback tour this year in the wake of the sympathetic biopic I, Tonya. She dedicated this week's rumba to her deceased father, who she says "never abandoned me," and began to cry almost as soon as she took the dance floor.

“When everybody in the world was against me, my dad was still in my corner — no matter what,” she stated.



The teary performance with partner Sasha Farber merited a 33/40 from the judges, tying with Mazdzer and Witney Carson's foxtrot for the fourth best score of the night. The duo also beat out softball player Jennie Daigle and Keo Motsepe in a cha cha ballroom battle, who later went home as well.

Frontrunner figure skater Adam Rippon and Jenna Johnson's near-perfect 39/40 made them a shoo-in for the finale along with football player Josh Norman and Sharna Burgess, but fans were shocked to learn that Harding had made the cut over Nagasu. Social media quickly bemoaned the selection and questioned the show's results.

What just happened on #DWTSAthletes How on God's green earth did Tonya Harding land herself in the finale? Oh well, Josh and Adam are fantastic and I know they will deliver one heck of a finale. Mirai should have been the third and she is always a winner in my book. — Allison Davis (@AllieD15688) May 15, 2018

No way did Tonya Harding deserve to make it to the finale over Chris or Mirai. NOPE WRONG bye!! #DWTSAthletes — meg (@meg4sgren) May 15, 2018

If Tonya Harding wins the damn finale I’m gonna be like... #DWTS pic.twitter.com/usFwYfbhyN — S Wilkins (@MissSwilki) May 15, 2018

Even Harding herself seemed surprised. "I thought they were going to tell us, 'You're going home,'" she admitted to reporters backstage after the show. "I think America has proven that they love me and they wanted to know what happened and now they know. It's really amazing."

Amazing for Tonya, but some very vocal Dancing With the Stars fans seem to think otherwise.

Is it love or her dancing? 2 different things.... — Annette (@dolfin513) May 15, 2018

Love and forgiveness are not the same. — Donna Cook (@DonnaCo94051745) May 15, 2018

ABC has neglected to directly address Harding's backstory on the show, but she pled guilty to hindering the prosecution after ex-husband Jeff Gillooly, bodyguard Shawn Eckhardt, and Shane Stant orchestrated an assault against Kerrigan meant to remove her from Olympic consideration. The subsequent scandal led the United States Figure Skating Association to serve Harding a lifetime ban from the sport.

“It was nice to see that she had a moment,” Rippon told USA Today of Harding's performance last week, “but it’s also important to remember that skating wasn’t taken away from her – that she was banned because she was part of a bad thing."



Harding, Rippon, and Norman will square off in a one-hour finale on Monday, May 21 at 8 p.m ET on ABC.

