www.closerweekly.com/posts/sandra-bullock-boyfriend-bryan-randall-engaged-120541

Samantha Faragalli

Sandra Bullock Is "Hesitant" to Marry Boyfriend Bryan Randall

It seems Sandra Bullock won’t be walking down the aisle anytime soon. According to a new report, even though the A-list actress and her boyfriend, Bryan Randall, are doing perfectly, they aren’t in a rush to get engaged.

“Sandy is a bit hesitant about getting married because of the legalities,” a pal of hers told Us Weekly, adding that Bryan has not yet adopted her two kids, Louis, 7, and Laila, 5. “It gets complicated.”

Apparently, Sandra turned to her good friend Jennifer Aniston for advice, who is clearly a pro at secretive relationships and weddings. The Blind Side actress suggested she and Bryan would hold a private, small ceremony to which Jen agreed since she thinks they’re basically already husband and wife. “Jen was saying, ‘What’s the difference? He’s already living here, he’s already your old man,'” a source told the news outlet.

Prior to Bryan, Sandra was married to Jesse James from 2005 until their messy divorce in 2010 after he admitted to a plethora of cheating scandals. “She went through a great deal of heartbreak after Jesse,” says the friend. “And she is scarred by it to this day.”

It was previously revealed that despite her past heartbreak, she’s found love again with Bryan. A source said, “Bryan takes care of her in all of the right ways. She feels loved and appreciated all of the time.” Can we find a relationship like that, please?

Sandra, 53, and Bryan, 51, began dating in late 2015, and even though the happy couple is often busy with their careers and “most of their time revolves around the kids,” they’ve both made it a point to make time for each other whether it’s by planning a late lunch or even an early dinner.

“Bryan has fully stepped up and embraced the dad role,” the insider adds. “He is 100 percent there for Louis and Laila and wonderful with them in every way. Sandy feels incredibly fortunate and blessed that she is sharing the parenting journey with Bryan.” Here’s hoping they tie the knot sooner rather than later!

