www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6095635/Ryan-Seacrest-looks-lovingly-girlfriend-Shayna-Taylor-enjoy-yacht-time-France.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Ryan Seacrest looks lovingly at girlfriend Shayna Taylor as they enjoy yacht time in France

He's enjoying a sun-drenched European getaway with his younger model girlfriend Shayna Taylor.

But wasn't all rest and relaxation for entertainment mogul Ryan Seacrest on Thursday as he jumped into action indulging in a more adrenaline fueled pastime.

The 43-year-old producer had a go on a jet-powered flyboard in-between putting on a loved up display with his pretty 26-year-old love.

Romantic getaway: Ryan Seacrest looked loved up with girlfriend Shayna Taylor on Thursday as the couple enjoyed yacht time in the South of France

Adrenaline junkie: The 43-year-old entertainment mogul had a whirl on a flyboard

It watersport action came while couple enjoyed the scenery off the coast of Saint Tropez in France from a luxury yacht.

Ryan showed off his nautical chic in a pale button-up shirt which he teamed with navy shorts.

He soon stripped off as he gave the jet board a whirl but ended up in the water several times while tackling the high-powered gadget.

Shayna meanwhile looked lovely in a floral off-the-shoulder top and some skimpy denim cut-off shorts.

Yacht style: Before getting soaked Ryan rocked casual nautical chic

Soaking up the sights: The couple were treated to views of the coast from their luxury yacht with full crew

Model beauty: Shayna looked great in some cut-off denim shorts and a floral crop top

Vacation vibes: The TV star showed off his toned torso as he showered off on the luxury watercraft

The same day the couple were photographed working out together on the yacht.

Shayna wore white tank top and pink shorts while Ryan wore a dark 'Gotham' t-shirt.

Keeping their fabulous physiques in check, the couple were seen working up a sweat doing jumping jacks and lifting weights.

Their jaunt to the south coast of France came after the loved up duo enjoyed some time off the coast of Italy in Portofino.

You're doing great! Shayna snapped pictures as Ryan navigated the waters

He's a pro: The TV star wore a helmet and life vest as he was launched into the air

Making a splash: Ryan didn't stay upright however as he lost his balance and went head-first into the water

Wipe-out: The producer took several falls during his jaunt on the tricky device

Ryan and Shayna rekindled their love in early 2017 after dating for a few years before taking a bit of a break.

They now live together in New York, but have no plans for marriage, Ryan recently told his Live With Kelly And Ryan co-host Kelly Ripa last year.

It was recently reported that Seacrest makes a cool $10million for his hosting gig with the recently revived (and renewed) American Idol.

As soon as the talent show ends on Sunday nights, the couple hops on a private jet to be back in NYC on Monday for his KIIS-FM morning radio show, On Air With Ryan Seacrest, and ABC's Live With Kelly And Ripa.

The couple that keeps fit together: Earlier in the day the duo enjoyed a workout on the yacht

