www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5820001/Justin-Theroux-reunites-Sienna-Miller-Chaos-launch-party-New-York-City.html

Paul Chavez For Dailymail.Com

Justin Theroux reunites with Sienna Miller at Chaos launch party in New York City

Justin Theroux and Sienna Miller reunited on Thursday at a Chaos launch party in New York City.

The 46-year-old actor and 36-year-old actress stood next to each other at a bar during the event celebrating the new Bruv Club Collection.

Justin and Sienna last week were spotted relaxing together in the South of France along with Emma Stone and Laura Harrier.

Launch party: Sienna Miller and Justin Theroux teamed up on Thursday at the CHAOS x LOVE Bruv Club launch party in New York City

Sienna, Justin and Emma all had been attending the Louis Vuitton 2019 Cruise Collection Show at Fondation Maeght in Saint-Paul-De-Vence, France.

Justin and Sienna looked at ease at the launch party for the latest offerings from the London-based luxury brand Chaos.

Sienna shined in a short-sleeved yellow floral print dress.

She had her long blonde hair down around her shoulders and accentuated her natural beauty with red lipstick.

Together again: The 36-year-old actress and 46-year-old actor last week were vacationing together in the South of France

Justin opted for the casual look in a plain blue untucked long-sleeved shirt and black trousers.

He sported a thick dark beard and accessorized with a watch.

Chaos was created by stylists Charlotte Stockdale and Katie Lyall.

Good times: Sienna and Justin beamed while at the launch party for the Bruv Club collection

Fashion brand: Katie Lyall and Charlotte Stockdale who founded Chaos were at the NYC party

Their new Bruv Club collection was described as a 'celebration of the tomboy, the modette, the geezer ladette, the misfit punk.'

It includes leather iPhone cases, silk tracksuits along with gold and silver bottle opener charms.

Justin and Jennifer Aniston, 49, released a statement in February announcing their decision to separate at the end of 2017.

They were married in August 2015 after getting engaged in August 2012.

