pagesix.com/2018/05/23/kevin-federline-wants-60k-in-monthly-child-support-from-britney-spears/

May

Kevin Federline wants $60K in monthly child support from Britney Spears

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Kevin Federline wants to triple the $20,000 in monthly child support he receives from Britney Spears.

Federline, 40, claims that Spears’ increased earnings compared with his decreasing income create “an extreme disparity” in their sons’ lifestyles from her home to his, documents obtained by The Blast revealed Tuesday.

Federline alleged in the documents that his work as a DJ nets him less than 1 percent of Spears’ reported $34 million income because he is “less of a name” than he was in 2008 when he took in six figures.

The former backup dancer claims he earns roughly $3,000 per month but that he doesn’t know how much Spears, 36, truly earns because she has allegedly refused to turn over her tax returns or reveal her income.

The couple, who were married from 2004 to 2007, agreed at the time that Spears would make $20,000 monthly child support payments to Federline for sons Sean Preston, 12, and Jayden James, 11. She also gave him $1.3 million at the time of their split.

Spears agreed to the terms through her father, Jamie, who controls her finances through a conservatorship to this day following her highly publicized breakdown in 2007.

Since then, she’s landed two lucrative Las Vegas residencies, gone on tour, released four new albums, five compilation albums, 18 fragrances and a lingerie line.

Federline laments in the documents that “[Spears] is a single woman who lives alone in a 13,264 square foot Neoclassical Italianate villa on 21 acres of land in a gated community with an elevator, a library, a media/game room, 3,500 bottle wine cellar, an additional 1,200 square foot pool house, an orchard, resort-sized pool and spa, lighted tennis court and three-green golf course. In contrast, Respondent lives with his wife, his two minor children from his current marriage, the two minor children he shares with Petitioner and two minor children from a previous relationship in a 2,000 square foot home.”

He claims that Spears (who’s currently dating hunky fitness junkie Sam Asghari) offers the boys amenities including private chefs, tutors, nannies and other staff, as well as the best toys and gadgets available and that he simply can’t keep up with their luxuries in his 2,000-square-foot home, in which his wife Victoria Prince, their two children and his two children from ex-wife Shar Jackson all live.

Federline has previously rejected attempts to settle the child support battle without litigation.

“It’s their position that they don’t have to turn over Britney’s financial information, including tax returns, which is required under the California family code. It’s not California celebrity code edition, she has to comply,” Federline’s lawyer, Mark Vincent Kaplan, told Us Weekly Tuesday. “This is the choice they have made, and they will now have to deal with it. We are still open to try and settling this without judicial intervention.”

Neither a rep nor an attorney for Spears immediately returned a request for comment.

