www.dailystar.co.uk/showbiz/583986/britney-spears-plastic-surgery-nose-job-lip-fillers-botox-face-lift

Jack Pusey, Image, V Magazine, Getty, Women'S Health, Itv

Britney Spears dissected by plastic surgeon – has she overhauled her entire face?

Get the biggest Showbiz stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: V MAGAZINE)

In that time, we’ve seen her mix up her look in every way imaginable when it comes to hair, makeup and styling.

However, one aspect of the blonde’s appearance remains cloaked in mystery – her involvement with plastic surgery.

Other than cryptically confessing that she’s partial to the odd lip filler "and other fun stuff" back in 2014, the Slumber Party crooner has remained tight-lipped about her age-defying looks.

But fans on social media haven’t just been questioning how the 35-year-old continues to trump Father Time.

(Image: GETTY)

Some have suggested that she completely transformed herself in the run up to comeback album Glory, her first release in nine years.

Daily Star Online reached out to experts at cosmetic surgery specialist MYA to get a professional opinion on the subject.

They suspected that Britney had pretty much overhauled her entire face in one way or another.

"I believe that Britney has had a nose job to create a slimmer and more feminine shape to her front profile. It’s clear that the tip of her nose is slender and less bulbous in the more recent images of her," they told Daily Star Online exclusively.

(Image: WOMEN'S HEALTH)

"A regular top up of Botox to her forehead and around her eyes has ensured that her face remains wrinkle free, while raising her brow and opening her eyes more," they went on.

"I also believe cheek fillers have been used to help give her more defined cheek bones. Weight loss, weight fluctuation and general ageing all affect skin quality and take its toll on the fullness and elasticity of skin.

"Fillers can help create more feminine features like high cheek bones and Botox can fill in more defined lines or wrinkles."

(Image: ITV)

(Image: GETTY)

Britney was first hit with speculation she’d altered her face when she appeared on the covers of Women’s Health and V Magazine, although many were quick to point out heavy photo editing could be to blame for her apparent transformation.

Nonetheless, her appearance on Loose Women last year left plenty of viewers convinced that airbrushing or favourable lighting couldn’t account for her substantially different appearance.

Britney isn’t the only star to raise eyebrows when it comes going under the knife.

Earlier this month breast surgeon Dr Andrea Giannitrapani claimed Kylie Jenner had had a secret boob job and was suffering from post-surgery swelling.

