celebrityinsider.org/jennifer-aniston-will-always-be-brad-pitts-greatest-love-104413/

Suzy Kerr

Jennifer Aniston Will Always Be Brad Pitt’s ‘Greatest Love’

Who says true love doesn’t exist? It’s been over a decade since Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston parted ways, yet their love story isn’t over yet. Following Pitt’s dramatic split with Angelina Jolie, inside sources claim that he and Aniston are giving their romance a second shot. Is Aniston Pitt’s greatest love?

Pitt and Aniston have grown closer over the past year. Pitt reportedly reached out after his divorce and reconnected with Aniston. He also apologized for breaking up with her and wanted to make amends for hurting her.

Timothée Chalamet had one thing to say to his sister after they met Jennifer Aniston and Angelina Jolie at the Golden Globes: "Oh my, God! Which side are we on?" https://t.co/ryxuGuOo0J — E! News (@enews) January 12, 2018

Aniston was shocked when Pitt reached out and was deeply moved by his comments. Although she is still married to actor Justin Theroux, Aniston hasn’t forgotten about Pitt and relies on him for support.

The reunion rumors come amid reports that Aniston’s marriage with Theroux is on the rocks. The couple’s busy schedule has pulled them apart this past year and put a lot of strain on their romance.

Although Pitt and Aniston have renewed their friendship, a source says that Pitt is not interested in getting romantically involved with his ex-wife and is happy with just being friends.

Pitt has had a lot of time to reflect over the past year. Between his split with Jolie and newfound sobriety, the actor is starting to realize how much he hurt Aniston.

The source even claims that Pitt believes he would still be with Aniston if it hadn’t been for his drinking problem. While Aniston has moved on, Pitt is holding out hope that they will eventually find their way back to each other and exchange vows a second time.

Amid all the reunion rumors, Huffington Post reports that Jolie may have majorly dissed Aniston at the recent Golden Globes ceremony. A photo has been circulating on the internet that shows Jolie ignoring Aniston during her award presentation.

The pic also hilariously shows Fifty Shades Freed star Dakota Johnson glancing at Jolie while Aniston took the stage.

It isn’t known if Aniston and Jolie interacted at the event, but it would definitely have been an awkward moment if they did.

Dakota Johnson watching Angelina Jolie ignore Jennifer Aniston at the #GoldenGlobes is all of us https://t.co/njPwaGNTXo pic.twitter.com/d5HyzdNHvS — BuzzFeed UK (@BuzzFeedUK) January 9, 2018

In addition to all the rumors about Pitt, Radar Online reports that Aniston is also dealing with a family feud. An anonymous relative came forward and revealed that the Friends alum doesn’t speak to her family and has ignored their phone calls for years.

This comes roughly a year after Aniston’s mom passed away. Although the actress keeps her family at a distance, they couldn’t be prouder of her accomplishments and wish her well in days to come.

Advertisement

Jennifer Aniston has not commented on the rumors surrounding her marriage.

