www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3799051/Khloe-Kardashian-32-flashes-band-wedding-finger-snuggling-new-NBA-beau-Tristan-Thompson-25.html

Heidi Parker For Dailymail.Com

Khloe Kardashian flashes wedding finger band after dating NBA beau Tristan Thompson

Khloe Kardashian has been dating Tristan Thompson for several weeks.

But for some reason the 32-year-old beauty was already flashing a diamond band on her wedding finger when she stepped out in New York City on Tuesday morning.

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star was last seen cuddling up to the NBA star, 25, in Miami on Sunday.

What is on your finger? Khloe Kardashian was already flashing a diamond band on her wedding finger when she stepped out in New York City on Tuesday morning

She has a new man in her life: The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star is dating basketball player Tristan Thompson; here she is seen with makeup artist Joyce Bonelli, who appears to be pregnant

Playful: Khloe was last seen cuddling up to the NBA star, 25, in Miami on Sunday

The blonde daughter of Kris Jenner, 60, made sure the wide diamond band was front and center when she walked out of Harold's Meat + Three restaurant in Manhattan.

Her sister Kylie Jenner, 18, also flashes a diamond ring on her left hand even though she is not yet engaged to beau Tyga, so wearing bling without a proposal must be a family trend.

Also, Khloe is still technically wed to former LA Lakers basketball player Lamar Odom, though they have reportedly not been intimate since 2013. In mid May she filed for divorce from Odom for the second time. The status of the proceedings is not known.

On Tuesday Kardashian was with her longtime makeup artist Joyce Bonelli, who appears to be pregnant.

Khloe's mood was somber as she wore a black sheer blouse unbuttoned over a lace bustier.

Check it out: The blonde daughter of Kris Jenner, 60, made sure the wide diamond band was front and center when she walked out of Harold's Meat + Three restaurant in Manhattan

But she's still Mrs Odom! The reality maven is still technically wed to former LA Lakers basketball player Lamar Odom, though they have reportedly not been intimate since 2013

The E! star also had on a pair of short and very tight jeans that are most likely from her new denim collection.

Bonelli had posted on Tuesday that the star was in NYC to promote her new denim line. It looked like the Keeping Up With The Kardashians cameras were also there.

Pointy spectator heels with a strap added a touch of Chanel.

Khloe wore her blonde locks down and had on heavy black eyeliner giving her a rocker wife look.

Sexy in the city: Khloe's mood was somber as she wore a black sheer blouse unbuttoned over a lace bustier

Her design? The E! star also had on a pair of short and very tight jeans that are most likely from her new denim collection

The backside: Bonelli had posted on Tuesday that the star was in NYC to promote her new denim line. It looked like the Keeping Up With The Kardashians cameras were also there

A pal: It looked like the E! cameras were rolling as the star hugged a female pal who was carrying a large Gucci purse and holding a Starbucks coffee

Tristan is seven years younger thank Khloe, but that has not stopped her from jumping into a full-blown romance with him.

After some hand holding in Miami on Sunday, the pinup and the basketball player were cuddly inside the nightclub LIV at the Fontainebleau in Miami.

The athlete had his hand on the knee of the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star as she rested her hand on his upper tight and arm.

He's got his eye on her: A bystander gave a smile to the looker when she entered Harold's

A close up of the cougar: Khloe smoldered in this photo shared to Instagram Tuesday

The E! doll had on a black and gold striped mini dress that showed off her tanned and toned legs.

The reality maven looked to be in excellent spirits as she got close to her cub, who had on a floral shirt and ripped up, patched black jeans. A large diamond ring was on his wedding finger.

Earlier, Khloe held on tight to her new beau's hand as they headed for a romantic lunch together at Bal Harbour.

No ring here: The doll was bling free as she stopped by the Dash store in Miami on Friday

Khloe, who finalized her divorce from former LA Lakers star Lamar Odom in July, put her tanned body on display in a pair of ripped denims and a low-cut black tank top.

Her sunkissed and bleached blonde tresses were loose and she wore a Panama hat with black band and enormous hoop earrings.

Cleveland Cavaliers star Tristan was showcased his muscular physique in a gray Nike tank top that revealed some of his body ink and black shorts.

Holding on tight: Khloe and Tristan held hands as they arrived at an Italian restaurant at Miami's Bal Harbour for lunch on Sunday

Despite Khloe's failed marriage to Lamar - and Kim's to Kris Humphries - Kris seems okay about her famous daughters' penchant for pro athletes.

'I think just with any relationship, just in life, I think it's about chemistry and about values and about you know, about how two people get along,' the 60-year-old told People at a Beverly Hills benefit for the Brent Shapiro Foundation Saturday night.

So what does she think of Khloe and Tristan as a couple?

'They're really cute,' she gushed. 'You, know she's having a good time, he seems like a really nice guy.'

Gave her blessing: Kris Jenner, 60, made it clear she's OK with Khloe's latest love interest as she appeared Saturday at a Beverly Hills benefit

