https://web.archive.org/web/20170320113610/https://tribune.com.pk/story/1360506/reese-witherspoon-nicole-kidman-not-talking-terms/



Are Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman not on talking terms?

Rumour­s sugges­t so!

Uh oh! Looks like Reese Witherspoon is allegedly ‘furious’ with her long-time best friend Nicole Kidman.

New Idea claims that the Legally Blonde star is unhappy with her Australian, Big Little Lies co-star’s failure to promote the HBO series in the run-up to its debut in February, claiming that Nicole used too much of her airtime to discuss her latest Hollywood hit, Lion.

“Reese is furious that Nicole hasn’t done more to support Big Little Lies. All she talked about in the interviews was Lion. Had Reese known that Nicole would put the show so far on the back-burner, she would have cast some random person in the show,” Daily Mail quoted a source as saying.

Red carpet roundup: Golden girls at Oscars 2017

In Australia, Big Little Lies‘ debut outranked any HBO series broadcast on Foxtel in a launch week, more than doubling the audience that tuned in to see Game of Thrones‘ first-ever episode.

But New Idea suggests that it’s the underwhelming reception in her own home country that has left Reese disappointed. Reese is one of the executive producers for the show after all.

According to the publication, frosty relations between the pair manifested themselves at the Oscars last month. “You could cut the tension with a knife at the Oscars. Nicole was telling her people to keep Reese away from her,” claimed the source.

News of the pair being involved in “some tense arguments” during filming were also reported by the publication, which alleged that the Hollywood heavyweights may never work together again.

An insider claimed, “If the show doesn’t make any waves or get better ratings, it will probably mark the end of Reese and Nicole’s joint ventures.”

However, a representative of Daily Mail Australia says the story is completely incorrect. “Everyone is thrilled to the back teeth with Big Little Lies. They’re (Reese and Nicole) great friends, they love each other and they love the way each other works.”

Another source has denied New Idea’s claims that Nicole had not been promoting the show as much as fellow cast members, saying that the 49-year-old did a ‘shed load’ of publicity both in America and abroad. The report comes just two months after she spoke about the actresses’ friendship in California. “We’re very, very close friends. We’re able to talk about everything,” she said.

Have something to add to the story? Share it in the comments below.

Read full story

