metro.co.uk/2017/07/13/chelsea-handler-admits-shes-at-fault-over-fall-out-with-former-bff-jennifer-aniston-6777497/

Joe Gamp

Chelsea Handler admits she's at fault over Jennifer Aniston fall out

Jennifer Aniston and Chelsea Handler are no longer friends (Picture: Rex/ Metro.co.uk)

Jennifer Aniston and Chelsea Handler are thought to no longer be BFFs following a fall out in 2015 but Chelsea is reportedly keen to patch up their friendship.

I’m A Celebrity’s Jacqueline Jossa ‘forgives’ Dan Osborne but gives him ultimatum

The split came after Jennifer, 48, found out that Chelsea had allegedly been revealing secrets about the former Friends star’s relationship to her ex-husband Brad Pitt.

According to Radar Online, comedienne Chelsea has now admitted to friends that she was at fault for the pair’s fall out.

Jennifer’s former bezzie Chelsea Handler has admitted that she was at fault (Picture: Getty Images)

‘Chelsea knows that she really messed things up with her.

‘And the worst part is that now Jennifer has turned everyone against her,’ a source revealed.

Radar previously reported that, according to a source, the Along Came Polly star ordered her publicist, Stephen Huvane, to drop Chelsea from his roster, because she was so angry with the star of Chelsea Lately.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘[Stephen Huvane] dumped Chelsea after she had a huge blowup with Jennifer — one of his very top-priority clients. He’s no longer representing Chelsea.’

Meanwhile it seems that despite her split from Brad Pitt in 2005 – over ten years ago – we just can’t get over their relationship.

In June, reports emerged that Brad Pitt is making amends with his ex-wife, according to Life & Style mag, despite Chelsea saying the actress ‘doesn’t care’ about what is going on with Brad at the time.

Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston back in 2001 (Picture: Getty Images)

A source told the site: ‘Brad apologised for all the heartbreak.

‘He doesn’t usually open up like that, but through therapy and recovery, he’s learned to express his feelings.

‘He addressed all the hurt he caused her.’

MORE: People just can’t get over Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston as the rumour mill goes into overdrive again

MORE: Jennifer Aniston is ditching film to head back to TV: ‘That’s where the work is’

