wovk.iheart.com/content/2017-08-20-robert-pattinson-on-movie-roles-people-are-trying-to-put-you-in-a-box/

Holly Nicol

Robert Pattinson On Movie Roles: 'People Are Trying To Put You In A Box'

Speaking with Michelle Miller, the British actor admitted to opting for more independent movies after he shot to superstardom playing vampire Edward Cullen in the wildly popular Twilight series. On auditioning for entirely different roles post-Twilight, Pattinson said, “It’s not like, ‘Oh, I’ll come down from an ivory tower to be…’ I mean, these movies are hard for me to get. Literally, I’m just as much trying to convince people, like, every single time. And it’s not like I’m, like, Leo [ DiCaprio ] or something!”

In the interview, it was revealed Good Time producers Josh and Benny Safdie were initially hesitant to work with Pattinson, but later discovered their opinions on the actor were far from accurate. On breaking free from his once perceived image as a teen heartthrob, the star said, “I think so much of life people are trying to put you in a box and define you all the time.” He continued, “It’s just exciting to have a job where you’re allowed to consistently break the walls of the box around you.”

Pattinson went on to talk about the vast amount of media attention he’s received since taking on the role of a lifetime in the Twilight series, despite his best-efforts to keep his personal life under wraps. “I’m quite an open person,” he said. “I don’t want to be one of those people who’s just like, ‘Oh, no comment,’ ’cause I just think you just look like an idiot if you’re in it. But then the annoying thing happens as well, then you answer in these kind of vague ways which kind of create these weird conspiracy theorists.”

The star added, “I don’t know how to deal with it. And so I thought in a way to kind of stop feeding it, you just try and say ‘I don’t wanna talk about it.’ And also, it kind of makes you feel like that’s the only way you can get some kind of strength.” Watch Pattinson’s full interview below!

