hollywoodlife.com/2018/05/30/chris-brown-reacts-drake-pusha-t-feud-cant-stop-laughing/

Beth Shilliday, Senior Evening Writer

Chris Brown Loving Drake Vs. Pusha T Beef, ‘Can’t Stop Laughing’ At His Frenemy Who Stole Rihanna

Chris Brown is taking Pusha T’s side when it comes to his beef with Drake, and it may have something to do with Rihanna. We’ve got EXCLUSIVE details on why Chris is enjoying the feud and anticipating more disses.

The rap war between Pusha T and Drake just got super ugly as the 41-year-old claimed in a new diss track that Drizzy is a deadbeat dad to a secret son with former porn star Sophie Brussaux. Chris Brown is right there with all of us hoping Drake’s got a clap back track coming, but in the meantime he’s pulled up some popcorn and is having a blast watching their drama. “Chris is on Team Pusha and believes him when he says that Drake may be ignoring his own baby. Chris is loving all the drama between Pusha and Drake. He is glad that for once, he is not in the middle of this feud,” a source close to the 29-year-old singer tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.

“Chris can’t stop laughing at Pusha’s track, from the black face pic to calling Drake a deadbeat, Chris thinks it is all hilarious. Chris feels bad for the baby and thinks Drake is being irresponsible. If the kid really is Drake’s, Chris thinks he should man up quickly and take a more active role in the child’s life. Chris feels if the baby is not Drake’s, then he should probably let that be known pretty quickly too. Chris hopes another diss track is on the way from Drake defending himself either way,” our insider continues. So far, Drake hasn’t responded to Pusha’s claims that he’s got a secret son and is a deadbeat dad. His reps aren’t commenting on the issue either.

Chris is a daddy to his precious daughter Royalty, who just turned four. He can’t understand why if Drake is really a father to son Adonis like Pusha claims, that he isn’t stepping up. “Chris believes that Royalty is the best thing that ever happened to him. His daughter has kept him grounded, stable, happy and motivated. He can’t imagine life without her and he can’t think of why Drake would turn his back on his baby too. It’s a huge mistake. Chris feels if Drake denies his own baby then he is missing out on one of the most wonderful things in life, being a father,” our source adds.

But, aside from being a father, why else would Chris be siding with Pusha T? Well if you recall, both he and Drake were romantically linked to Rihanna. While Drake and Rihanna’s romance was never confirmed, Chris’ dramatic relationship with the “Umbrella” singer was pretty high profile. Plus, back in 2012, Drake and Chris were allegedly involved in an altercation that turned violent at WIP nightclub in NYC. And, it was supposedly over Rihanna. Yikes! Can’t we all just get along?!

