https://web.archive.org/web/20170109134610/http://www.forbes.com/sites/natalierobehmed/2017/01/08/golden-globes-2017-full-list-of-winners/

Natalie Robehmed

Golden Globes 2017: Full List Of Winners

'Star Wars' Conundrum: Should Disney Move Their 'Young Han Solo' Film To Christmas?

At tonight's 74th annual Golden Globe Awards, Hollywood's finest have gathered to toast the best in TV and film. Hosted by The Tonight Show's Jimmy Fallon at the Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles, the night proved to be full of surprises.

Sweeping the movie awards was the critically-acclaimed musical La La Land, which broke the record for most wins by any one film. It won all seven of the categories it was nominated in, including a Best Actor statuette for Ryan Gosling, Best Actress for Emma Stone and Best Director for its auteur Damian Chazelle.

"There was something about these characters and what they're going through that feels very human and natural even in their fantastic circumstances," said Stone backstage, speaking of the Lionsgate movie-musical. "Struggling and falling in love is something I think everybody can relate to in some way."

Heavier fare also won out: the coming-of-age story Moonlight took home Best Picture, one of its six categories, while the August Wilson play adaptation Fences earned a nod for its female lead. "It's not everyday Hollywood thinks of translating a play to screen," said Best Supporting Actress winner Viola Davis of the movie, which grossed $40.7 million at the box office. "It doesn't scream moneymaker, but it does scream art."

On the TV side, The Night Manager took home three awards, more than any other. (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, The Crown and Atlanta, each took home two apiece.)

Here’s the full list of winners, in the order in which they were presented:

MOVIES

Best Supporting Actor

Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Nocturnal Animals

Best Original Score

La La Land

Best Original Song, Motion Picture

"City of Stars," La La Land

Best Supporting Actress

Viola Davis, Fences

Best Actor, Musical or Comedy

Ryan Gosling, La La Land

Best Screenplay

Damien Chazelle, La La Land

Best Animated Film

Zootopia

Best Foreign-Language Film

Elle

Best Director

Damian Chazelle, La La Land

Best Actress, Musical or Comedy

Emma Stone, La La Land

Best Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy

La La Land

Best Actor, Drama

Casey Affleck, Manchester by the Sea

Best Actress, Drama

Isabelle Huppert, Elle

Best Picture, Drama

Moonlight

TELEVISION

Best Actor, Television Drama

Billie Bob Thornton, Goliath

Best Actress, Television Series Comedy or Musical

Tracee Ellis Ross, Black-ish

Best Television Series Comedy or Musical

Atlanta

Best Performance by an Actress In A Mini-series or Motion Picture Made for Television

Sara Paulson, The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story

Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television

The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story

Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television

Hugh Laurie, The Night Manager

Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television

Olivia Colman, The Night Manager

Best Performance by an Actor in a Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television

Tom Hiddleston, The Night Manager

Best Actress, Television Drama

Claire Foy, The Crown

Best Television Drama

The Crown, Netflix

Best Actor, Television Series Comedy or Musical

Donald Glover, Atlanta

Read More on the Golden Globes:

'La La Land' Breaks Record For Most Golden Globe Wins Ever

Donald Glover Wins Big For 'Atlanta' At The Golden Globes

Ryan Gosling Wins Golden Globe For 'La La Land' Performance

Emma Stone Of 'La La Land' Wins Golden Globe

Golden Globes Nominees 2017: The Full List

Golden Globes 2017: By The Numbers

The Highest-Paid Golden Globes Nominees

