www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/blake-shelton-and-adam-levine-bromance-145503

Life, Style Magazine

Adam Levine and Blake Shelton's Bromance — Drifting Apart on The Voice

Fans of The Voice tune into the reality singing competition to witness Adam Levine and Blake Shelton's unlikely bromance. However, after it was revealed that there is drama on the set between fellow judges Miley Cyrus and Jennifer Hudson, sources are also noticing a rift between Adam and Blake.

"Blake and Adam's bromance has cooled off," a source tells Life & Style exclusively. "They definitely aren't as close as they once were." Viewers won't notice anything wrong because the friends always pretend to bicker while pitching themselves to contestants.

When cameras are off, the friendship "seems forced," a source adds. "It's not as natural as it once was. They've definitely drifted apart." This news comes just as The Voice experienced one of its lowest season premieres ever. Miley and Jennifer are also struggling to connect after Miley made a joke about JHud's long engagement to David Otunga. "Jennifer looked Miley right in the eye and told her to never mention her private life again, or even say David's name," an insider explains.

Adam, 38, and Blake, 41, became unexpected BFFs when they met on the show as judges in 2011. “I remember when I saw him at the meeting at NBC, I was instantly very taken by him ’cause he was definitely not your typical country artist,” Adam told People magazine. “He was not a cookie-cutter guy, and the second we met, we were friends. All of the bulls— that we do comes from a place of love.”

Blake also couldn't stop gushing about Adam earlier this year. "He’s one of the most loving people I’ve ever known,” Blake said. “We drive each other nuts, but outside of this world, he’s one of my best friends and it’s because of his heart. He needs his face slapped around, but he has a huge, huge heart.” Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end.

For more exclusive celebrity news, be sure to pick up the latest issue of Life & Style magazine, on newsstands now!

