www.digitalspy.com/music/news/a829640/noel-gallagher-slams-harry-styles-solo-debut-my-cat-couldve-written-that-in-10-minutes/

Rachel Babbage

Noel Gallagher slams Harry Styles' solo debut: 'My cat could've written that in 10 minutes'

Noel Gallagher has shared his review of Harry Styles' debut song 'Sign of the Times' – and it's not pretty.

The former Oasis guitarist spoke about the track in an interview on Absolute Radio.

Gallagher said: "People of my age have let themselves go, they're fat, balding idiots with fading tattoos. They sit in their garage and write shite like 'Sign of the Times' for Harry Styles. Which, quite frankly, my cat could have written in about 10 minutes!"

He added: "I don't mind the song, my wife was falling over herself, 'Have you heard Harry Styles' new song? It's like Prince'. I was like, 'Without even hearing it, I can assure you it's not like Prince!'"

Columbia Records

There was bit more positivity from Noel's brother Liam, speaking in an interview with ES Magazine.

Liam said: "I don't mind it, man. There's some interesting bits in it. I mean, I don't know how it f*king goes, but fair play to him. I'm sure, like, it's a bigger f**king cost.

"I've got the weight of Oasis still hanging over me and I'm sure I'll always be that guy from Oasis, so I'm sure he's carrying an equal weight. If he wants to get out of that pop world and into something with a bit more substance I think that's a good thing."

Getty Images

Last night saw Liam Gallagher perform his first solo gig in Manchester, raising funds for the victims of the suicide bombing in the city last week.

The 44-year-old – soon to release his debut solo album As You Were – sold out his show at Manchester's 1,400-capacity O2 Ritz in a matter of minutes.

After the devastating bombing at Manchester Arena that killed 22, Liam told the crowd he wanted to "try and help pick people up", as he showcased both new tracks and some Oasis classics.

The British Red Cross and Manchester City Council are leading fundraising efforts to support those affected by the Manchester terror attacks. To find out more, visit the We Stand Together Manchester page on JustGiving.

Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.

