www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/2425987/tormented-brad-pitt-will-only-be-allowed-to-spend-four-hours-with-his-children-on-christmas-day/

Scarlet Howes

‘Tormented’ Brad Pitt will only be allowed ‘to spend four hours with his children on Christmas Day’

BRAD Pitt will only be 'allowed to spend four hours with his children on Christmas Day'.

Estranged wife Angelina Jolie allegedly agreed for the 'tormented' star to deliver gifts in the morning but said he has to leave by early afternoon.

3 Angelina has said Brad 'can only spend 4 hours with his kids on Christmas Day' Credit: AP:Associated Press

A source close to the warring Hollywood pair told the Daily Star: "She doesn’t have the heart to refuse to let him see the children over the holidays and they would probably never forgive her if she did.

“But Brad is going to have to use every ounce of his acting skill when he arrives with their presents and put on a brave face to mask the torment he’s going through over spending so little time with them.”

Related stories Video CUSTODY BATTLE Brad Pitt 'ordered to have drug and alcohol testing four times a month by estranged wife Angelina Jolie' Exclusive 'THE THREE ARE IN CAHOOTS' Meet the two British 'witches' who drove a wedge between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie as power couple hit the rocks FROM BRAD TO WORSE Brad Pitt's child visitation 'controlled by therapist as actor has drug and alcohol tests' Revealed Did YOU spot it? Friends fans spy glaring continuity error in Thanksgiving episode starring Brad Pitt PITTY WOMAN? Rumours that Brad Pitt is dating Kate Hudson following his split from Angelina Jolie have been rubbished

Angelina, 41, is living in a rented £9.4million beachfront mansion in Malibu with Maddox, 15, Pax, 13, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, and eight-year-old twins Knox and Vivienne, while she and Brad, 52, battle over legal custody.

3 Brad is devastated that he won't be able to spend longer with his kids, it's claimed Credit: Getty Images

The Fight Club star has been cleared of child abuse in an investigation by the LA County Department of Children and Family Services following a mid-air altercation on their private jet in September.

Angelina immediately filed for divorce on the grounds of “irreconcilable differences” and is demanding sole physical custody of the kids with visitation rights only for Brad, whose lawyers have filed a counter-claim.

3 Angelina is demanding sole custody of the kids following the couple's split Credit: Getty Images

As part of the Family Services probe, he was ordered to undergo anger management counselling and submit to random drug tests prior to agreed visits with the kids.

Daily Star claim a source said: “He bit his tongue and suffered through all of that in the hope Angelina would allow him more time with their kids."

