www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5400355/Ellen-DeGeneres-makes-joke-Jennifer-Aniston-marriage.html

Rebecca Davison For Mailonline

Ellen DeGeneres makes joke about Jennifer Aniston marriage

Jennifer Aniston was forced to put a brave face on when good friend Ellen DeGeneres unwittingly made a joke about her marriage during an interview.

The awkward moment came when Jennifer surprised the TV host, 60, on her eponymous birthday-themed show last Friday.

Ellen had been discussing Jennifer's popularity with the ladies back in the 90s, saying: 'I think a lot of people had crushes on you so they were hoping you were.'

'Well it's too late now': Jennifer Aniston put a brave face on as Ellen DeGeneres made an awkward joke about her marriage to Justin Theroux... just days before they announced split

Sad: Just seven days later, the couple, (pictured in 2015) revealed that their two-year marriage was over and they had in fact split way before the interview with Ellen

Jennifer replied: 'They did? How do you guys ever know? What are the clues?'

Ellen added: 'Well they don't make it obvious like that. That would be creepy if you were like just looking somebody up and down.'

'I don't know how it works,' Jennifer giggled.

Full statement from Aniston and Theroux on separation 'In an effort to reduce any further speculation, we have decided to announce our separation. This decision was mutual and lovingly made at the end of last year. We are two best friends who have decided to part ways as a couple, but look forward to continuing our cherished friendship. Normally we would do this privately, but given that the gossip industry cannot resist an opportunity to speculate and invent, we wanted to convey the truth directly. Whatever else is printed about us that is not directly from us, is someone else's fictional narrative. Above all, we are determined to maintain the deep respect and love that we have for one another.' via spokesman Stephen Huvane

Ellen retorted: 'It's just I don't know, flirty or something. But I do think girls had crushes on you. Well it's too late now!'

'Yeah,' Jennifer responded, not giving the news of her split away.

Jennifer had in fact split from Justin late last year, but the couple had wanted to keep this private.

Then just seven days after Ellen's accidental gaffe, they issued a joint statement to reveal the sad news.

It read: 'In an effort to reduce any further speculation, we have decided to announce our separation.

'This decision was mutual and lovingly made at the end of last year. We are two best friends who have decided to part ways as a couple, but look forward to continuing our cherished friendship.

'Normally we would do this privately, but given that the gossip industry cannot resist an opportunity to speculate and invent, we wanted to convey the truth directly.

'Whatever else is printed about us that is not directly from us, is someone else's fictional narrative. Above all, we are determined to maintain the deep respect and love that we have for one another.'

'Anything is possible': During the chat she also give a spark of hope for the Friends reunion fans have been baying for over a decade

Jennifer became engaged to the Leftovers actor, 46, in August 2012, and they married in a surprise ceremony at their LA home on August 5, 2015.

They originally met on the set of Ben Stiller and Jack Black comedy Tropic Thunder in 2007.

The two reconnected and ultimately began dating when working together in 2012's Wanderlust.

The Hollywood couple were engaged on his 41st birthday while dining at Dan Barber restaurant Blue Hill in Greenwich Village, New York City in August 2012.

Three years later Jennifer and Justin married in a top secret ceremony at their home in Los Angeles in August 2016.

Meanwhile, the star looked amazing for her surprise appearance, clad in a plunging top and figure-hugging leather trousers.

She was just one of the famous face delivering a pre-recorded birthday message to the new sexagenarian, including Bono, Taylor Swift, Tom Hanks, Hillary Clinton, Chris Pratt, Meryl Streep.

However Aniston was revealed to be only pretending to pre-record, as a screen pulled back to reveal she was just feet away.

During the chat she also give a spark of hope for the Friends reunion fans have been baying for over a decade.

'Anything is a possibility Ellen... Anything. Right?' she responded when asked if the six would ever re-unite.

'I mean, George Clooney got married!' she added.

