celebrityinsider.org/jennifer-aniston-and-justin-theroux-are-having-major-regrets-over-their-split-140849/

Suzy Kerr

Jennifer Aniston And Justin Theroux Are Having ‘Major Regrets’ Over Their Split

It has only been two months since Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux announced they were getting a divorce, but a new report has emerged claiming that she is regretting the split. It seems that Aniston is pining for Theroux now that Brad Pitt is with Neri Oxman, and she would like to give her marriage another shot, even if it is just for a trial period.

“Jen’s done a lot of meditating and says she forgives Justin for messing her around so badly. She’s keen to move on and forge a good relationship with him, instead of arguing over money or slinging mud back and forth among their mutual friends,” claims an insider.

The source added that if Theroux gave Aniston another chance, she would take him back “in a heartbeat.”

When the couple called it quits back in February, they had been living separate lives for months, and they couldn’t come to an agreement over where to live or if they should start a family. Also, during their two years of marriage, Theroux allegedly had a wandering eye and got too close to actress Naomi Watts, which upset Aniston.

But, if the Friends star is thinking about rekindling their romance, it seems that Theroux isn’t necessarily on the same page. Last week, their mutual friend, Jimmy Kimmel, threw a birthday party for his 1-year-old son Billy, and Theroux purposely left early to avoid his ex.

Insiders say that he only stayed at the birthday bash for about 40 minutes because he found out Aniston had just arrived. The 46-year-old was “nervous and skittish” while she was at the event, and since they are trying to move on and not communicating, it would have been uncomfortable for them both to be there at the same time.

After someone alerted Theroux about Aniston’s arrival, he quickly posed for a picture with the birthday boy and then made a quick, sneaky exit.

HBDJ❤ XO A post shared by @ justintheroux on Feb 11, 2017 at 6:05pm PST

Meanwhile, cameras have caught Theroux spending time with 26-year-old model Erika Cardenas, and insiders say the two have been “flirting up a storm” after they met at the gym. At first, they would just stop and talk in between sets during their workouts, but now they are hanging out.

The two seem to be interested in each other, and he asked her out for a drink at a nearby coffeehouse. Sources say Cardenas is nothing like Aniston and is cool in a “New York way.” But, it is nothing serious, and insiders claim he is playing the field and enjoying being single again.

Advertisement

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux have not commented on their relationship since their joint statement announcing their split.

