www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/angelina-jolie-brad-pitt-kids-custody-123527/photos/brad-pitt-angelina-jolie-quote-9-191004

Life, Style Magazine

Angelina Jolie Forced to Hand Over Kids to Brad Pitt Amid Custody Battle (EXCLUSIVE)

Angelina Jolie’s attempt at getting full custody of her and estranged husband Brad Pitt’s kids doesn’t appear to be working out the way she wanted.

Life & Style has exclusively learned that the actress must relinquish the pair’s six children to the 53-year-old for regular visits. “She has lost in the court of public opinion and will have to hand over the kids to him and stop playing games,” a source reveals.

MORE: The Biological Mother of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie’s Daughter Zahara Wants to Connect With the 12-Year-Old

The tables turned when Brad received a tremendous amount of support during his surprise appearance at the Golden Globes on Jan. 8. “It really sent a message about how people have seen him as acting responsibly during Angelina’s entire smear campaign against him. There’s no question Brad has won this battle,” the source tells Life & Style.

Brad in November at his first red carpet since the divorce announcement.

While the Allied star continues to soar, those in the 41-year-old humanitarian’s corner are starting to turn against her. “There are huge disagreements between members of her team. They are fighting. Some of them don’t like her campaign against Brad,” the source shares. One key individual in her camp even threatened to quit because she failed to recognize “that after the FBI and DCFS had cleared Brad, there just weren’t any grounds for her to get sole custody of the kids.”

MORE: Never Miss a Life & Style Exclusive by Signing up for Our Newsletter!

As Life & Style previously reported, “There’s no evidence the kids are in any danger with Brad, so a judge has no reason to deny him joint custody. But there is simply no reasoning with Angie on the issue.”

For more on the couple’s split, pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now! And scroll through the gallery below for a look back at Brangelina’s cutest quotes about each other.

