pagesix.com/2018/01/23/princess-eugenies-ring-is-double-the-price-of-meghan-markels/

Alison Maloney, The Sun, January

Princess Eugenie’s ring is double the price of Meghan Markle’s

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Princess Eugenie’s engagement announcement caused a right royal stir on Monday — and so did her unusual ring.

The pink padparadsha sapphire, surrounded by diamonds, is similar in style to the ruby engagement ring her dad, Prince Andrew, gave to Sarah Ferguson when he proposed in 1986.

Eugenie, 27, announced she would wed James Brooksbank this autumn in the Windsor venue that will see Prince Harry and Meghan Markle tie the knot in May.

But that doesn’t mean she’ll be overshadowed by the wedding of the year — and the price of her sparkler proves it.

The gem expert from British TV show “Posh Pawn” has estimated the value of Eugenie’s ring at $140,000 — double the estimated value of Markle’s.

The three-diamond ring that Prince Harry’s fiancee wears is estimated to be worth around $70,000.

Gemologist Deborah Papas, from Prestige Pawnbrokers, told the Sun Online: “Like her mother, the Duchess of York and indeed Princess Diana, Eugenie’s ring has a center oval precious gemstone and this one certainly has not disappointed.

“It is a padparadscha sapphire surrounded by 10 brilliant cut diamonds and two pear cut diamonds to give an edge to the standard classic cluster.

“Padparadscha is the name given to the corundum gem that bears a mixture of red and yellow, a sort of cross between a ruby and yellow sapphire.

“This beautiful gem is considered amongst the rarest and most valuable of all the corundum varieties.

“With its carefully faceted cut and the set off with the whitest of white diamonds, this ring could easily be worth over £100,000 [$140,000].

“Padparadscha sapphires are amongst the rarest and most valuable depending on quality and a little bit of difference in quality can mean a big difference in price.”

Papas admits that estimating such a valuable gem is difficult without full access but adds: “We estimate it to be in excess of £100,000 [$140,000].”

The princess has dated the 31-year-old party organizer for six years, and her parents, the Duke and Duchess of York, said they were delighted with the news.

Royal insider Dickie Arbiter revealed that the princess’s marriage to the 31-year-old would be even more star-studded than Markle’s — and the role that Sarah Ferguson would play at the nuptials.

