www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5934589/Selena-Gomez-seen-mystery-man-exJustin-Bieber-engaged.html

Heidi Parker For Dailymail.Com

Selena Gomez is seen with same mystery man from May

Justin Bieber became engaged to Hailey Baldwin over the weekend.

But the news doesn't seem to be upsetting his ex Selena Gomez, who he was dating on and off from 2011 until earlier this year.

On Sunday the 25-year-old Wolves singer was spotted with a handsome young man who looks a bit like a Beckham. He was by her side as they boarded a yacht named Justine to visit Coney Island in New York in style.

Back with this one: Selena Gomez was seen with a cute mystery man when she went to Coney Island in New York on Sunday

They were so close: The man followed the Love You Like A Love Sing songbird

He's got the look: The man looks a bit like a Beckham and was dressed down for the day at sea; she wore a pair of black leather sandals by Tod's

The mystery man had on a black shirt with blue shorts and worn-in sneakers with Puma socks.

And Gomez was chic in a white crop top, rust colored drawstring slacks and thick soled black leather sandals by Tod's for SS18. Black thin sunglasses looked on trend.

The Good For You singer also carried a notepad and a glass of red iced tea.

There they are two months ago: The siren was also seen with this same man in May when they were at a Taylor Swift concert at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California

It's interesting that she boarded a boat named Justine which is eerily close to the first name of her most famous ex.

But it is likely the boat was booked by her assistant and the pop star never even noticed the name.

She was joined by several pals as she embarked on the day cruise around New York.

Chic chick: Gomez was chic in a white crop top, rust colored drawstring slacks

Details: Black thin sunglasses looked on trend. The Good For You singer also carried a notepad and a glass of red iced tea

Coney Island is a peninsular residential neighborhood, beach, and leisure/entertainment destination of Long Island on the Coney Island Channel.

It is in the Lower Bay in the southwestern part of the borough of Brooklyn in New York City.

Selena often splits her time between New York City and Los Angeles.

Gomez has been in relationships with The Weeknd (2016 - 2017), Zedd (producer) (2015), Bieber (2010 - 2018), Taylor Lautner (2009) and Nick Jonas (2008 - 2010).

All aboard... the love boat? The fellow followed her up the stairs as they were greeted by a crew member

New do? Gomez appeared to have some shorter hair on the back of her neck. The rest of her locks were piled into a messy updo for a casual look

If Gomez is upset that Bieber may marry Baldwin - who he dated years ago after a split from the brunette Texas native - she was not showing it.

She was also seen on a boat in a bikini in an image shared by her assistant Theresa Marie Mingus.

In a snapshot Theresa posted to Instagram, bikini-clad Selena beamed and stuck her tongue out while lounging on a deck chair near the stern of the vessel.

She can't get away from Justin? It's interesting that she boarded a boat named Justine which is eerily close to the first name of her most famous ex. But it is likely the boat was booked by her assistant and the pop star never even noticed the name

Shipping off: The Back To You crooner quickly slipped into a two piece bathing suit

Not the Bahamas, but oh well: The location was New York City, but it still looked like the group had a fun time

Theresa, also wearing a bikini, captioned gleefully that her boss was her: 'bestfriendddddd'.

In video footage tweeted by one of Selena's fan accounts, a claque of both male and female friends could be seen accompanying her on her boat ride.

After she split from The Weeknd, former teenage sweethearts Justin and Selena reportedly went on again late last year - but by this March, they were on a break.

Selena's mother Mandy Teefey told Gossip Cop in January she was 'not happy' her daughter had taken up with her used-to-be.

What engagement? She was also seen in this blue bikini as she sat on deck of the yacht; the image was shared by her assistant Theresa Marie Mingus

Having a ball: In a snapshot Theresa posted to Instagram , bikini-clad 25-year-old Selena beamed and stuck her tongue out while lounging on a deck chair near the stern of the vessel

A place in the sun: In video footage tweeted by one of Selena's fan accounts, a claque of both male and female friends could be seen accompanying her on her boat ride

They purportedly first started dating in 2010 before going red carpet official at the following year's Vanity Fair Oscar Party.

'Jelena' are said to have split up late in 2012 - only for a rash of unconfirmed reconciliation rumors to flare up around them for a bit in 2013.

That July, however, Selena explained in an interview with the Associated Press: 'I've known him for a really long time and we enjoy each other's company every now and then. But I'm definitely single and enjoying being that.'

Justin is claimed to have proposed to Hailey in a restaurant at the Bahamian resort where he was staying this weekend, a brace of eyewitnesses gossiped to TMZ.

Out in the open: She and Justin Bieber purportedly first started dating in 2010 before going red carpet official at the following year's Vanity Fair Oscar Party (pictured)

Before he popped the question, his security detail allegedly instructed the other restaurant-goers to tuck away their cellphones.

That afternoon, Justin's mother Pattie Mallette had effervesced on her Twitter account: 'Love Love Love Love Love Love Love.'

Justin and Hailey had a brief dalliance in 2016, but Hailey spoke to E! News that February and qualified that 'We are not an exclusive couple.'

After his latest split from Selena, Justin and Hailey have been back on over the past few weeks and have been unafraid to publicly display their affection.

On Sunday, Justin's father Jeremy posted a sunset snapshot of his son and wrote: '@justinbieber Proud is an understatement! Excited for the next chapter!'

Meanwhile, Hailey's born-again Christian father Stephen Baldwin, one of the less famous actor brothers of Alec Baldwin, tweeted a Bible verse that same day.

Together again: Justin and Hailey Baldwin, with whom he had a brief non-exclusive dalliance in 2016, reportedly got engaged on Saturday at a Bahamian resort

Beginning with '#Blessed,' he went on to quote Gospel: 'John 1:14 14 The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us. We have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only Son, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth'.

Hailey held forth about her own religious convictions in Elle UK last year, saying: 'It's something I plan to stick to for the rest of my life – raise my kids that way, marry someone who believes in the same things. It's important to me.'

Meanwhile, Justin, who in 2014 was arrested in Miami on charges including driving his Lamborghini under the influence, is a famous congregant of the Sydney-born megachurch Hillsong and something of a religious protégé to its pastor Carl Lentz.

