www.realsimple.com/work-life/entertainment/chip-and-joanna-gaines-net-worth

Lauren Phillips

This Is Chip and Joanna Gaines’ Net Worth

Their faces are all over TV, magazines, and ever-popular stores like Target, and almost everyone knows their names—but not everyone knows Chip and Joanna Gaines’s net worth.

Chip and Joanna Gaines–who were just fined $40,000 by the EPA for breaking lead paint safety rules–have many (many, many) business projects, including home product lines at Target, Joanna’s new cookbook, their restaurant in Waco, Texas, and several other efforts as part of their Magnolia empire. Between all that, the two have plenty of income sources … though the Gaines's actual net worth might still shock you.

According to Celebrity Net Worth, Chip and Joanna Gaines’s net worths are $9 million each. That’s no small sum, especially for two people in their early 40s. Celebrity Net Worth explains where the numbers come from on its site: “All net worths are calculated by applying a proprietary algorithm. The results are then fact checked and confirmed by a team of editors. We scan all publicly available data and resources and work diligently to ensure that our numbers are the most accurate and up-to-date net worth data you will find anywhere on the internet.” That’s a pretty strong case for an accurate number.

There are, however, other numbers for the Fixer Upper stars' net worths floating around out there: E! News reported their net worth to be $5 million last year (it’s not stated whether that number is for each of them or their net worth as a couple, though based on other numbers, it’s likely their estimated net worth each).

Of course, this information isn’t confirmed by Chip and Jo’s people. Until they release their bank statements or tax returns (unlikely and also unnecessary, unless they plan to run for office), there’s no way to know exactly how much Chip and Joanna Gaines are worth.

Based on these reports, Chip and Joanna are worth between $5 and $9 million a piece—pretty good for two fixer-uppers.

In other Chip and Joanna news, the parents of four will be welcoming a new baby sometime this summer.

