www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/meghan-markle-harry-engaged-live-updates-royal-wedding-date-photos-latest-news-when-suits-a8077801.html

Maya Oppenheim, Lizzie Dearden

As it happened: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle engaged - Is this finally the modern bride the royal family needs?

Prince Harry is to marry his American actor girlfriend Meghan Markle, Clarence House has announced.

The official announcement said: “His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales is delighted to announce the engagement of Prince Harry to Ms Meghan Markle. The wedding will take place in spring 2018. Further details about the wedding day will be announced in due course.

“His Royal Highness and Ms Markle became engaged in London earlier this month. Prince Harry has informed Her Majesty The Queen and other close members of his family. Prince Harry has also sought and received the blessing of Ms Markle’s parents. The couple will live in Nottingham Cottage at Kensington Palace.”

Download the new Indpendent Premium app Sharing the full story, not just the headlines

Shape Created with Sketch. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle – in pictures Show all 20 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle – in pictures 1/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announce their engagement. Getty Images 2/20 Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at the Crown Liquor Saloon, Belfast during their visit to Northern Ireland. Rex Features 3/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose for their engagement shoot. Alexi Lubomirski 4/20 Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attend Christmas Day Church service at Church of St Mary Magdalene on December 25, 2017 in King's Lynn. Chris Jackson/Getty Images 5/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle attend a wheelchair tennis event at the Invictus Games in Toronto. AP 6/20 Another picture from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's engagement shoot. Alexi Lubomirski 7/20 Prince Harry and his fiancée Meghan Markle watch a dance performance by Jukebox Collective during a visit at Cardiff Castle for a day showcasing the rich culture and heritage of Wales. AFP/Getty Images 8/20 Meghan Markle shows off her engagement ring with Prince Harry. Getty Images 9/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose during a visit to Reprezent 107.3FM in Pop Brixton in London. The Reprezent training programme was established in Peckham in 2008, in response to the alarming rise in knife crime, to help young people develop and socialise through radio. Getty Images 10/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle listen to a broadcast through headphones at Reprezent 107.3FM in Pop Brixton. Getty 11/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle meet members of the public following a visit to youth-orientated radio station, Reprezent FM, in Brixton, south London PA 12/20 Prince Harry kisses Meghan Markle at the Invictus Games in Toronto. AP 13/20 AFP/Getty Images 14/20 Picture: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle look at some prosthetic limbs made by the Titanic FX company during a visit to Catalyst Inc science park in Belfast where they met some of Northern Ireland's brightest young entrepreneurs. Niall Carson/PA Wire/PA Images 15/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose at The Sunken Gardens. Getty Images 16/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle speak to an athlete after a Wheelchair Tennis match at the 2017 Invictus Games PA Wire/PA Images 17/20 Getty Images 18/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle watch a wheelchair tennis event at the Invictus Games AP 19/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle joke around Getty Images for the Invictus Ga 20/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle PA Wire/PA Images 1/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announce their engagement. Getty Images 2/20 Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at the Crown Liquor Saloon, Belfast during their visit to Northern Ireland. Rex Features 3/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose for their engagement shoot. Alexi Lubomirski 4/20 Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attend Christmas Day Church service at Church of St Mary Magdalene on December 25, 2017 in King's Lynn. Chris Jackson/Getty Images 5/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle attend a wheelchair tennis event at the Invictus Games in Toronto. AP 6/20 Another picture from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's engagement shoot. Alexi Lubomirski 7/20 Prince Harry and his fiancée Meghan Markle watch a dance performance by Jukebox Collective during a visit at Cardiff Castle for a day showcasing the rich culture and heritage of Wales. AFP/Getty Images 8/20 Meghan Markle shows off her engagement ring with Prince Harry. Getty Images 9/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose during a visit to Reprezent 107.3FM in Pop Brixton in London. The Reprezent training programme was established in Peckham in 2008, in response to the alarming rise in knife crime, to help young people develop and socialise through radio. Getty Images 10/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle listen to a broadcast through headphones at Reprezent 107.3FM in Pop Brixton. Getty 11/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle meet members of the public following a visit to youth-orientated radio station, Reprezent FM, in Brixton, south London PA 12/20 Prince Harry kisses Meghan Markle at the Invictus Games in Toronto. AP 13/20 AFP/Getty Images 14/20 Picture: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle look at some prosthetic limbs made by the Titanic FX company during a visit to Catalyst Inc science park in Belfast where they met some of Northern Ireland's brightest young entrepreneurs. Niall Carson/PA Wire/PA Images 15/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose at The Sunken Gardens. Getty Images 16/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle speak to an athlete after a Wheelchair Tennis match at the 2017 Invictus Games PA Wire/PA Images 17/20 Getty Images 18/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle watch a wheelchair tennis event at the Invictus Games AP 19/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle joke around Getty Images for the Invictus Ga 20/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle PA Wire/PA Images

The fifth in line to the throne has been dating Markle since last summer and the 36-year-old actor is rumoured to be moving to the UK after quitting the hit US show Suits which she rose to fame for.

Prince Harry said he was "delighted to announce" the engagement and had gained the blessing of Markle's parents in a statement.

Speculation of a major royal announcement has grown in recent weeks as rumours about the couple's engagement have mounted.

Markle's parents Thomas Markle and Doria Ragland celebrated news of the engagement in a statement issued by Kensington Palace.

"We are incredibly happy for Meghan and Harry. Our daughter has always been a kind and loving person," they said.

"To see her union with Harry, who shares the same qualities, is a source of great joy for us as parents. We wish them a lifetime of happiness and are very excited for their future together."

A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh “are delighted for the couple and wish them every happiness".

