celebrityinsider.org/did-amal-clooney-really-ban-george-from-their-bedroom-69046/

Brandon Fitch

Did Amal Clooney Really Ban George From Their Bedroom?

Did or did not Amal Clooney ban George Clooney from their bedroom because she is tired of his constant company after the birth of their twins? This is the strange and also the incredibly absurd claim that popped up in one of this week’s new tabloids.

Gossip Cop was the one that looked into this situation and let everyone know what they have exclusively found out.

Venice ? A post shared by Amal Clooney (@amalclooney) on Sep 3, 2017 at 8:52am PDT

The latest issue of Star magazine includes an article which says that the actor has been doting on his wife and twins since their birth. The twins are Alexander and Ella, and they were born back in June.

According to Star’s questionable report, the human rights attorney has been somehow put off by her husband’s devotion to their family.

A so-called insider told the same magazine that Amal secretly hopes that the actor will go back to work as soon as possible.

The same source added that ‘George thinks he’s helping but he’s really just making more work for Amal. Sometimes she jokes it’s like having three kids!’

Star’s dubious insider continues, ‘George isn’t coping well with the lack of sleep. So Amal has kindly suggested that he sleep in the guest room so she can get some rest.’

The magazine’s assertion that Amal would be irritated with George being a caring father and husband is, of course, completely bogus and absurd as well.

Gossip Cop even checked with a reliable source, and the magazine’s reports turned out to be ridiculous as they don’t even make sense at all.

George recently said that parenting is not an easy thing to do, and he discussed splitting the job with his wife. Recently, he even took a break from parenting and went to have a bit of fun with a friend.

#Repost @stylevoguette (@get_repost) ・・・ GORGEOUS @amalclooney today in Venice ?? makeup by #CharlotteTilbury ?✨? #stylevoguettevid A post shared by Amal Clooney (@amalclooney) on Sep 3, 2017 at 8:19am PDT

Star magazine has a habit of publishing false stories about the Clooneys, so this latest fabrication isn’t too surprising, at least not for us.

Advertisement

Just a little while before the birth of their twins, Gossip Cop debunked another one of the magazine’s false claims: the rumor that George and Amal were spending $1 million on the delivery. Another invented story!

