www.celebitchy.com/580547/star_jennifer_aniston_feels_humiliated_by_justins_new_thing_with_emma_stone/



Star: Jennifer Aniston feels ‘humiliated’ by Justin’s new thing with Emma Stone

Star Magazine’s latest cover story is all about Justin Theroux, Jennifer Aniston and Emma Stone, aka The New Uncool Bermuda Triangle. Personally, I believe Emma and Justin are a thing, in spite of their vague denials. They’re just spending too much time together for it to be a “just friends” situation. What I’m not sure of? Whether Jennifer Aniston really cares. I already shared my concern that it feels like Jen is under-reacting to her split, possibly because… she and Justin might not even really be married? I don’t know. And she’s definitely not acting depressed about this split at all. So do you think Jennifer is sitting in Bel Air, yelling at the pool (not the ocean) about Justin and Emma? Star would have you believe she’s super-concerned.

Jen has had enough: “Jen is left wondering whether Justin was staying true to her during the last months of their marriage. She wants some answers,” says an insider. Jen was aghast when she saw the photos of Emma & Justin in France: “Jen can see there are sparks there. She’s telling friends that this was a very tacky maneuver, since she and Justin are going through a divorce. He could have waited a few more months before flaunting a famous new girlfriend – who, by the way, used to be a friend of Jen’s. Not anymore!” Jen is Forever Haunted by Brangelina: “This has brought back unpleasant memories of Brad and Angelina, and Jen wants a clear sense of the timeline between Justin and Emma,” says the source, who adds that Jen is especially suspicious of Justin’s attempts to keep his rendezvous hush-hush – like when he and Emma donned low-slung baseball caps for an early-May sushi date in NYC. “This cloak-and-dagger stuff isn’t really fooling anybody, and certainly not Jen. Justin assured Jen that he and Emma were just friends, but she no longer believes him.” Jen just doesn’t want to be publicly humiliated: The source insists that “it was clear Justin wasn’t happy in the marriage, he likes the New York hipster scene, while she loves her California sunshine. She accepts that they tried and it didn’t work out – but she isn’t willing to accept another bout of humiliation from a husband. She doesn’t want Justin back but she does want him to be straight with her. It’s a huge betrayal.”

[From Star Magazine, print edition]

What I agree with: the Emma-Justin stuff (whatever IT is) is tacky and their little “we’re not really together y’all!” games aren’t fooling anyone. What I don’t believe: that Jen is suddenly really upset about all of this. What I kept thinking about as this source went on and on about Jen Forever Betrayed is… yeah, but Justin did the same to Heidi Bivens WITH Jennifer. He humiliated Heidi, he set up his relationship with Jennifer months before he really broke it off with Heidi, and Heidi had every right to feel betrayed. But I guess the tabloids love this familiar narrative: Jennifer dumped again for a younger woman, Jennifer betrayed, Jennifer humiliated. I think it’s more like “Jennifer is just living her life with her dogs and her girlfriends,” but whatever.

