celebrityinsider.org/blake-shelton-and-miranda-lambert-at-war-their-feud-is-nastier-than-fans-even-know-144114/

Suzy Kerr

Blake Shelton And Miranda Lambert At War! Their Feud Is Nastier Than Fans Even Know

Miranda Lambert is currently dating Evan Felker – a married man – and her ex Blake Shelton is apparently thrilled that everyone finally knows she is a homewrecker. Even though rumors are swirling he is ready to wed Gwen Stefani, Shelton has been throwing shade at Lambert online. And, according to industry insiders, the feud between the country superstars is escalating. But, Lambert isn’t going to quietly put up with Shelton’s attacks anymore.

After the news of Lambert’s new relationship broke, Shelton posted a cryptic tweet about karma, and sources say it was exactly what everyone thought it was – a direct shot at Lambert. And, it appears that The Voice coach is getting a lot of joy out of Lambert’s embarrassment because for him this is personal.

@blakeshelton #countrymusicfreakstour gx A post shared by Gwen Stefani (@gwenstefani) on Mar 14, 2018 at 3:28pm PDT

“Blake is reveling in Miranda’s humiliation now that she’s been accused of having an affair with a married man because he believes she cheated on him,” claims the insider.

Even though they have been apart for three years, sources say the feud continues between Shelton and Lambert, and he believes that she will never change. The 41-year-old believes in the “once a cheater always a cheater” theory.

The Hollywood Gossip is reporting that Shelton thinks that his ex is the same person she has always been and that includes her “twisted relationship antics.”

The country community basically sided with Shelton after the split, but he apparently feels like he came off as the villain. Reports claimed that he filed for divorce back in 2015 and she came home to find all of her things outside of their Oklahoma house. Because of that, many made him out to be the bad guy. But, even though he feels Lambert “played the victim,” he thought he had a good reason to send Lambert packing.

Now, Shelton thinks the Tin Man singer is getting exactly what she deserves, and if she is embarrassed about the allegations that she ran off with another woman’s husband, then it is “sweet justice.”

Miranda Lambert's Ex Says She Cheated With Blake Shelton (via @Fox411) https://t.co/Xy5a8tjtkJ — TMZ (@TMZ) May 1, 2018

However, calling it justice may be a bit much, considering the fact that Shelton admitted to falling in love with Lambert while he was still married to his first wife. One source even calls him a “hypocrite.”

Lambert still denies that she ever cheated on Shelton, and she also doesn’t believe she had anything to do with the breakup of Felker’s marriage. So, she won’t be sitting around and taking Shelton’s jabs much longer. Insiders say it is only a matter of time before she retaliates and return fire.

Advertisement

Sources say that the divorce deeply shook both Miranda Lambert and Blake Shelton and it doesn’t appear either one will ever get over it. They will apparently be “trading insults, put-downs, and breakup songs for a long time to come.”

