metro.co.uk/2018/02/17/brad-pitt-hasnt-reached-jennifer-aniston-amid-marriage-breakdown-justin-theroux-7320748/

Adam Bloodworth

Brad Pitt 'hasn't reached out to Jennifer Aniston' about marriage woes

Brad Pitt hasn’t been in touch with Jennifer (Picture: FilmMagic)

Jen and Brad reconciling would be the stuff of dreams.

Despite rumours circulating, Jennifer’s reps have shot down any hope of a reunion, and have denied that Brad has been in touch.

And sources close to Brad have said the actor hasn’t been in touch with his former wife whatsoever, even to wish his commiserations, although he is ‘sad’ about Jen’s marriage breakdown.

Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt in 2004 (Picture: WireImage)

‘Brad is of course sad to hear the news about Jen’s divorce. He only wishes the best for her… However, Brad hasn’t reached out to Jen, and has no plans to do so at this point,’ the source reasoned to Us Weekly.

And Jen’s team denied rumours that Brad is being ‘a shoulder to cry on,’ calling them ‘another fabrication,’ so for now, rumours have been put to bed.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Right?

Brad and Jen are kind of buried history anyway. They were an item between 2000 and 2005 but Brad has spoken out harshly about their relationship in the past; he once controversially called that time of his life ‘pathetic’ in an interview with Parade magazine.

‘It became very clear to me that I was so intent on trying to find a movie about an interesting life, but I wasn’t living an interesting life myself.’

‘I think my marriage [to Aniston] had something to do with it: trying to pretend the marriage was something that it wasn’t,’ he said in 2011.

Jennifer and Justin Therou called time on their marriage this February. They had been married for two years and together since 2011.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Did a hug from Naomi Watts rock Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston’s marriage?

MORE: Jennifer Aniston ‘doing OK’ after break-up from Justin Theroux

