www.allure.com/story/khloe-kardashian-trademarks-name-makeup-collection

Condé Nast, Zoe Weine

Khloé Kardashian Trademarks "Koko" Name for Makeup Collection

Move over, Kim, Kylie, and Kourtney: It looks like we may have yet another Kardashian makeup mogul on our hands by way of Khloé Kardashian — hey, even the Kardashians gotta keep up with the Kardashians.

On Monday, the mom-to-be and Good American founder trademarked a few different names for a presumed cosmetic collection, including "KOKO Kollection by Khloe Kardashian" and "KOKO Kollection," TMZ reports. This comes on the (Yeezy plastic stiletto) heels of the news that her sister Kourtney recently filed documents for a cosmetics company called Kourt, so it looks like Kim Kardashian's KKW Beauty isn't the only new beauty brand giving Kylie Cosmetics a run for its money.

Like her sisters, Khloé has always been outspoken about her love for the beauty game, especially when it comes to makeup. Recently, someone tried to makeup-shame the mogul by demanding she "post a real pic [with] no makeup and normal angels," to which she responded, "I don't take those lol."

Though this is the first indication that Khloé may be launching a line of her own, it's hardly the first time she's taken her passion for the perfect contour and turned it into a business venture: She was a part of the Kardashian Beauty licensing deal with Kim and Kourtney way back in the day and collaborated with Kylie Cosmetics on a limited-edition lip kit collection called The Koko Collection. (Foreshadowing, anyone?)

Khloé's own go-to makeup routine is fairly simple, so it will be interesting to see if the aesthetic of her line maintains the same sort of ease of products that she values in her own routine. Her "ride-or-die" products include a concealer for spot treatment, a contour and highlight kit, some mascara, and a nude lip pencil that she doubles as a lipstick. It's unclear what exactly she plans to sell in her own makeup line, but according to TMZ, her application covers a "broad range of makeup merch," so here's hoping she gives us all an easy way to replicate this Kardashian-approved routine at home.

Read more about Khloé:

Now, learn about the last 100 years of lipstick:

