www.celebritynetworth.com/richest-celebrities/actors/jamie-lee-curtis-net-worth/



Jamie Lee Curtis Net Worth

Jamie Lee Curtis Net Worth: Jamie Lee Curtis is an American actress, producer and author who has a net worth of $60 million dollars. Jamie Lee Curtis is most widely recognized for her roles in such films as, "Halloween", "Trading Places", "A Fish Called Wanda", and "True Lies". She also wrote a best-selling book entitled, "Today I Feel Silly, and Other Moods That Make My Day".

She was born on November 22, 1958, in Santa Monica, California, the daughter of actors Tony Curtis and Janet Leigh. Following in her mother's footsteps, Jamie Lee Curtis initially became known as a"scream queen" because of her starring roles in several horror films throughout the late 1970s and early 1980s. Some of those early hits include Halloween (1978), The Fog (1980), Prom Night (1980) and Terror Train (1980). Curtis eventually transitioned to a more mainstream career in a number of genres. She has won many awards including BAFTA and Golden Globe awards. Some of her most memorable roles include the BAFTA Award-winning portrayal in "Trading Places" (1983), her comic performances in "A Fish Called Wanda" (1988), the coming-of-age romantic comedies "My Girl" (1991) and "True Lies" (1994), as well as her strong performance in the action thriller "Blue Steel" (1990). On the small screen, she rose to prominence with her appearance on the sitcom "Anything But Love" (ABC, 1989-1992). Outside of acting she is is notable for her marriage to writer/director Christopher Guest (which earned her an inherited English title), as well as for writing a string of best-selling children's books. Even though being the daughter of two movie stars, the down-to-earth Jamie Lee Curtis successfully managed to establish herself outside of their shadows. Actually, she was truly one of a kind actress, setting herself apart from her peers with her freedom from vanity, i.e., not being afraid to pose without makeup or retouching for a magazine, openly discussing her struggles with addiction, or even being comfortable to allow her hair to go gray. Not only an award-winning, but also striking, fun-loving actress with memorable parts in a variety of genres. Jamie Lee Curtis proved the world she is a star of her own making, despite her acting legacy.

