www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4373157/brad-pitt-apologises-to-jennifer-aniston-for-leaving-her-for-angelina-jolie/

Fay Strang

Brad Pitt apologises to Jennifer Aniston for leaving her for Angelina Jolie

BRAD Pitt has apologised to Jennifer Aniston for leaving her for Angelina Jolie.

The actor famously left the Friends star after meeting Angelina Jolie on the set of Mr and Mrs Smith, but since splitting from Ange last year he is reportedly determined to right any wrongs he made in the past.

8 Brad Pitt has said sorry to Jennifer Aniston, according to reports Credit: Splash News

8 Brad and Jen were married from 2000 to 2005 Credit: AFP

8 Jennifer was dumped for Angelina Jolie Credit: Getty - Contributor

A source told In Touch Weekly: “He’s been determined to apologise for everything he put her through, and that’s exactly what he did.

“It was the most intimate conversation Brad and Jen have ever had.”

The apology was reportedly incredibly difficult for Jennifer, 48, to hear after all these years.

“Jen was overcome with emotion. All the hurt feelings and resentment she’d suppressed for years came flooding to the surface, and she broke down in tears,” the source revealed.

“He apologised to Jen for being an absentee husband, for being stoned and bored much of the time. He also made amends for leaving her for Angelina.”

It’s thought the former couple have now reached a ‘level of closeness’ they never thought possible following their bitter split in 2005.

8 Brad and Jen were Hollywood's golden couple Credit: EPA

8 Jennifer was reportedly very emotional when Brad apologised Credit: Getty - Contributor

8 Jennifer is now married to Justin Theroux Credit: Getty - Contributor

Brad and Jennifer were married for five years before he met Angelina and went on to marry and have children with her.

At the time of the split, Jennifer told Vanity Fair magazine: "I’m a human being, having a human experience in front of the world. I wish it weren’t in front of the world. I try really hard to rise above it.

Most Read In Showbiz & TV BRAVE FACE I'm A Celeb's Jac Jossa puts wedding ring back ON & says she's 'absolutely fine' QUEEN'S RULING Jac Jossa is first winner to EVER cancel live TV chats after threesome claim THE ENDER LoU? EastEnders fans convinced Linda will kill Louise on Christmas Day Exclusive BEN AND GONE ITV bosses considered replacing Phillip Schofield with GMB host Ben Shephard kiss it better? I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline & husband Dan kiss before reuniting with kids HUD-SON! Corrie's Lucy-Jo Hudson reveals she’s having a baby boy after Alan Halsall split

"I have to think there’s some reason I have called this into my life. I have to believe that - otherwise it’s just cruel."

She added: “Am I lonely? Yes. Am I upset? Yes. Am I confused? Yes. Do I have my days when I've thrown a little pity party for myself? Absolutely.”

8 Brad met Angelina on the set of Mr and Mrs Smith in 2005 Credit: Alamy

8 The couple announced their split in September 2016 Credit: Rex Features

Jennifer has since married the actor and screenwriter Justin Theroux, 45, tying-the-knot in 2015 after four years of dating.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.

We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

