theblast.com/jennifer-lopez-denies-engagement-rumors-alex-rodriguez/

Theblast Staff, Zachary Holt, Clark Sparky, Ben Robinson Iii, Gary Trock, Mike Walters, Ryan Naumann

Jennifer Lopez Shoots Down Alex Rodriguez Engagement Rumors

Jennifer Lopez did not secretly wed Alex Rodriguez and she's still not engaged, this coming straight from the horse's mouth.

The "Dinero" singer stopped by KTU’s Cubby and Carolina Bermudez radio show on Tuesday morning and confirmed there has been no proposal from her former MLB star beau ... and there hasn't been a secret ceremony either.

"I’m not engaged. I'm not engaged. No, no," she said.

Rumors began swirling when JLo sported what some say looked like an engagement ring on that finger over July 4th weekend, but as The Blast exclusively reported, no engagement went down.

She continued to wear the ring on her wedding finger though, even displaying it this AM.



Mega

When asked by the hosts if they ran off to tie the knot, she jokingly screamed, "NO!"

And while no engagement or ceremony has happened for the couple of over a year, JLo couldn't stop gushing about her relationship with A-Rod.

"I think maybe if we would have met in our twenties, maybe not so much ... we were both ... we're too crazy," JLo said. "But now at this point in our lives, where we both have kids, we both have accomplished certain things in our careers and we're kinda in that second act of our lives, we really complement each other."

She added, "Where I need help, he's really strong and where he needs help, I'm really strong. When two people kind of just fit together really well, he and I are like that."

When it comes to the kids, JLo says all four are amazing. "I mean, of course I'm going to say that cause I'm their mom, but they are and they're sweet and they're loving and they deal with us and our lifestyle in such a great way," she said, referring to her twins and A-Rod's daughters, whom she just spent her birthday weekend with.

"I've had other relationships where it's been tricky but with these four it really works nicely," she added.



Instagram

