www.intouchweekly.com/posts/selena-gomez-the-weeknd-relationship-125087

Carly Sitzer

Selena Gomez Is Acting “Crazy” With The Weeknd, “Pushing Him Away” (EXCLUSIVE)

There’s already trouble in paradise for The Weeknd and Selena Gomez.

Shortly after the “Starboy” singer hinted at a breakup from his new girlfriend, In Touch has learned that they’re already experiencing significant problems in their relationship due to the 24-year-old’s insecurities.

“The Weeknd is starting to feel suffocated by Selena,” an insider tells In Touch, exclusively. “He’s set to kick off his Starboy: Legend of the Fall 2017 world tour [on Feb. 17 in Sweden], and Selena is begging to join him. He likes her, but he feels like she’s moving too quickly.”

As the insider explains, this is because of her insecurities; she’s seemingly nervous to let him embark on his tour alone because she’s nervous about potential groupies “throwing themselves” at the 26-year-old.

MUST SEE: Selena Meets the Weeknd’s Manager’s Baby!

“Selena’s paranoid that fans will be throwing themselves at The Weeknd and he’ll be tempted to stray,” the insider notes. “She’s so scared that she’s threatened to dump him if he doesn’t let her come along on tour.”

But, the insider notes, ending their relationship may be the best thing for both Selena and her new beau.

“Selena’s acting so crazy that he’s starting to have second thoughts about their relationship,” the insider tells In Touch. “Friends are concerned that it’s only a matter of time before it all ends in tears due to Selena’s self-sabotaging ways.”

Selena and The Weeknd were first linked after they were spotted getting affectionate on a date in January — just months after the singer (whose real name is Abel Tesfaye) broke up with Bella Hadid, his long-term girlfriend.

MORE: Selena Gomez Poses Topless After Kissing The Weeknd — Bella Hadid Not Impressed!

In Touch previously reported that the two began speaking to each other behind Bella’s back long before the he called it quits with Bella — but the model, 19, always had suspicions about the “Can’t Feel My Face” singer talking to other girls behind her back.

“Their relationship deteriorated as they started spending more and more time apart due to work commitments,” a source told In Touch exclusively. “She began to lose trust when his calls and texts became less frequent. In the back of her mind, she had her suspicions that there was someone else, but little did she know that person [was] Selena!”

For more on this, pick up the latest issue of In Touch — and for more exclusive content sign up for our newsletter!

