people.com/style/12-reasons-kaia-gerber-is-the-next-kendall-jenner/

Brittany Talarico

12 Reasons Kaia Gerber Is the Next Kendall Jenner

If you aren’t familiar with Kaia Gerber, consider this your formal introduction. The 14-year-old daughter of supermodel Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber is on the verge of supermodel stardom. In fact, she’s basically everywhere and her career reminds us of another famous model we love: Kendall Jenner.

Kaia has so much in common with Kendall, we compiled proof that Cindy’s mini-me is the next big model of the moment (beware Kenny!).

1. She Nails Model-Off-Duty Style

Kendall is known for her effortlessly cool jeans-and-a-tee #OOTD’s, and Kaia has clearly taken notes.

Image zoom

gotpap/Bauer-Griffin/GC; Josiah Kamau/BuzzFoto/Get

2. Her Name Begins with a K

A very important fact.

3. She’s Landing Big Designer Campaigns

From Alexander Wang to Roberto Cavalli, the model’s impressive résumé is longer than Kendall’s was at 14.

4. She’s Already in “The Squad”

Of course we’re referring to Taylor Swift’s gang, which Kendall is also a part of. So is Cindy Crawford, in case you forgot about her cameo in “Bad Blood.”

5. She’s Also in Harry Styles’ Inner Circle

They go on family lunch dates together, hang backstage at concerts and he even visits her at home. In fact, there’s more photos of Kaia and Harry then Kendall and Harry.

6. She’s Part of the Balmain Army

Just like Kim paved the way for her sister’s relationship with Olivier Rousteing, Cindy introduced her daughter to the designer. (She also landed a new campaign for the high-fashion brand!)

Image zoom

Michael Kovac/Getty; Richard Bord/WireImage

7. She Has Kendall’s 2012 Hair

Kaia’s gorgeous mane reminds us a lot of the long hair Kendall rocked before she walked runways all over the world.

Image zoom

Amanda Edwards/WireImage; Jason Merritt/Getty

8. She’s Graced the Pages of Teen Vogue

The gateway gig to landing Vogue, Kaia posed for a gorgeous spread in the magazine earlier this year. Kendall landed two covers for the publication when her career was starting to skyrocket in 2014.

Image zoom

Jason Kibbler for Teen Vogue

Image zoom

Emma Summerton/Teen Vogue

RELATED PHOTOS: Kendall Jenner’s Killer Catwalk Moments

9. And Already Landed a Vogue Paris Cover

Just 5 months after Kendall covered French Vogue‘s 95th anniversary issue, Kaia and her mom posed for the April 2016 front of the iconic publication.

Image zoom

Courtesy Vogue Paris (2)

10. She Understands the Importance of a Good Cindy Crawford Throwback Photo

Almost as much as Kendall …

RELATED VIDEO: Kaia Gerber’s Advice For Supermodel Mom Cindy Crawford

11. She Has a Hadid in Her Corner

There’s KenGi and then there’s KaBell.

12. She’s Mastered the Sip-and-Stare Selfie Pose

Tea is to models what Gatorade is to athletes.



Are you convinced? Should Kendall watch her back? And if Kaia is the next Kendall is Kendall the next Cindy? Confused? Delighted? Share all your feelings below.



–Brittany Talarico

