https://web.archive.org/web/20170502194040/http://www.raredr.com/news/brad-pitt-rare-disease

Rdr Staff

Does Brad Pitt Have a Rare Disease?

Does Brad Pitt Have a Rare Disease?

RDR Staff

About prosopagnosia

About epidermolysis bullosa

In this week’s Hollywood gossip, it was revealed that Brad Pitt does not have a rare disease that is ‘eating him away.’Whew.However, the actor is no stranger to the rare disease community. Pitt is an honorary member of the Epidermolysis Bullosa Medical Research Foundation (EBMRF) that is dedicated to raising money and awareness for the rare skin disorder, epidermolysis bullosa.In January, Pitt introduced singer Chris Cornell during a Rock4EB annual charity to support EBMRF.Further, he revealed in a 2013 Esquire Magazine interview that he self-diagnosed himself with a rare disease – prosopagnosia — also known as face blindness. According to the article, "Brad Pitt won't remember you. If you've met him, he'll have no idea who you are when he meets you again. Even if you've had what he calls "a real conversation," your face will start fading from his memory as soon as you walk away."It should be noted that being diagnosed with a condition and being self-diagnosed with a condition can be 2 very different diagnoses.Prosopagnosia refers to the inability to recognize familiar people from their face. They may also be unable to recognize other stimuli, such as objects, cars, or animals.People with prosopagnosia typically learn to use non-face cues including voice, walking style and hairstyle to recognize others. The underlying genetic cause of developmental prosopagnosia is not known but familial reports of this condition are consistent with autosomal dominant inheritance.Epidermolysis bullosa (aka 'the worst disease you've never heard of') is a group of devastating, life-threatening genetic skin disorders impacting children that is characterized by skin blisters and erosions all over the body.The most severe form, recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, is characterized by chronic skin blistering, open and painful wounds, joint contractures, esophageal strictures, pseudosyndactyly, corneal abrasions and a shortened life span. Patients with recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa lack functional type VII collagen (C7) owing to mutations in the gene COL7A1 that encodes for C7 and is the main component of anchoring fibrils that attach the dermis to the epidermis.Epidermolysis bullosa patients suffer through intense pain throughout their lives, with no effective treatments available to reduce the severity of their symptoms.

