radaronline.com/videos/jennifer-aniston-justin-theroux-feud-over-friend-circle/

Radar Staff, January

Jennifer Aniston Demands Justin Theroux Ditch His 'Creepy Friends!'

Feuding Over Friends! Jen 'Secretly Despises' Justin's Creepy Pals Aniston 'demanding' hubby Theroux 'have no association with them going forward.'

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux are at odds over the actor’s creepy circle of pals, and RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively the former Friends star is demanding her hubby ditch the oddballs!

Sources reveal Aniston, 48, is pleading with Theroux, 46, to completely cut ties with buddies of the likes of Danny Masterson and Terry Richardson — whom Jen has already banned from her social circle amid the climate of harassment.

“Jen is really freaked out by all of the harassment stories around Hollywood and it’s led to a reality check when it comes to Justin and his oddball buddies like Terry Richardson, Danny Masterson, and even Louis CK,” a source spills to Radar.

As readers know, all three men have been accused of sexual harassment in recent months.

“These are all guys Justin seriously respected, but Jen’s demanding he have no association with them going forward.”

“Justin likes to play up his edgy ‘street cred’ and his cool New York friends,” the insider says, adding, “but this is way more controversial than Jen would like, especially when she’s dealing with her big corporate sponsors like Smart Water or production partners like Apple.”

But Theroux’s bad boy buds are the least of the couple’s problems.

As Radar previously reported exclusively, the duo’s two-year marriage was on the brink and erupted in a face-to-face showdown over the holidays after they had spent two and a half months apart. Sources claimed the incident sent the two hurtling toward a $225 million divorce.

The vicious bust-up at their Bel-Air mansion on Dec. 14 was “the fight to end all fights,” according to insiders — who saw a furious Justin storm out and head to a luxury hotel. “It was a stupid argument — the kind of disagreement most couples have. But this time things spiraled out of control, and Jen flipped out,” a source tattled to Radar.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

