www.independent.co.uk/life-style/meghan-markle-nephew-cannabis-royal-wedding-sparkle-tyler-dooley-prince-harry-a8357426.html

Sarah Young

Meghan Markle's nephew sells new cannabis strain for the royal wedding

Meghan Markle’s nephew has announced details of the special strain of cannabis he has created to celebrate the upcoming royal wedding.

Tyler Dooley grows cannabis in Oregon, US – which has been legal in the American state since 2015 – and previously announced that he would be developing a new potent hybrid named Markle’s Sparkle.

Now, days before Markle is due to marry Prince Harry, details of the drug’s price, flavour and effects have been released on Leaf Buyer – an online cannabis dispensary database.

Download the new Indpendent Premium app Sharing the full story, not just the headlines

In an online description of Markle Sparkle, the website says: “Noble families often inspire their country persons to craft and dedicate products to them.

“For a Royal baby, a royal cheddar. For a Royal wedding, a royal weed.

“Markle Sparkle is a cannabis strain dedicated to the soon-to-be British Royal Meghan Markle.”

The $150-an-ounce (£111) strain is tipped to be good for helping alleviate insomnia, pain and anxiety, and it has been specially engineered so that it doesn’t make users feel too hungry.

The website also says that Markle Sparkle has a “very sweet, silky taste” with “notes of fresh blueberry and a unique, fruity and smooth flavour.”

As for its effect, the drug is supposed to provide users with an “uplifting” experience and a “tingling body sensation.”

“There is a sense of relief and euphoria that comes with the high as well,” it says.

“These benefits make for a great all-around versatile strain for any medical patient or recreational consumer.”

The Markle Sparkle tests at 23 per cent THC - the active ingredient in marijuana – and is made by crossbreeding three varieties including NYC Diesel, Northern Lights with Blueberry and a secret strain which Dooley is not revealing.

Shape Created with Sketch. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle – in pictures Show all 20 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle – in pictures 1/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announce their engagement. Getty Images 2/20 Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at the Crown Liquor Saloon, Belfast during their visit to Northern Ireland. Rex Features 3/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose for their engagement shoot. Alexi Lubomirski 4/20 Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attend Christmas Day Church service at Church of St Mary Magdalene on December 25, 2017 in King's Lynn. Chris Jackson/Getty Images 5/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle attend a wheelchair tennis event at the Invictus Games in Toronto. AP 6/20 Another picture from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's engagement shoot. Alexi Lubomirski 7/20 Prince Harry and his fiancée Meghan Markle watch a dance performance by Jukebox Collective during a visit at Cardiff Castle for a day showcasing the rich culture and heritage of Wales. AFP/Getty Images 8/20 Meghan Markle shows off her engagement ring with Prince Harry. Getty Images 9/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose during a visit to Reprezent 107.3FM in Pop Brixton in London. The Reprezent training programme was established in Peckham in 2008, in response to the alarming rise in knife crime, to help young people develop and socialise through radio. Getty Images 10/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle listen to a broadcast through headphones at Reprezent 107.3FM in Pop Brixton. Getty 11/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle meet members of the public following a visit to youth-orientated radio station, Reprezent FM, in Brixton, south London PA 12/20 Prince Harry kisses Meghan Markle at the Invictus Games in Toronto. AP 13/20 AFP/Getty Images 14/20 Picture: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle look at some prosthetic limbs made by the Titanic FX company during a visit to Catalyst Inc science park in Belfast where they met some of Northern Ireland's brightest young entrepreneurs. Niall Carson/PA Wire/PA Images 15/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose at The Sunken Gardens. Getty Images 16/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle speak to an athlete after a Wheelchair Tennis match at the 2017 Invictus Games PA Wire/PA Images 17/20 Getty Images 18/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle watch a wheelchair tennis event at the Invictus Games AP 19/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle joke around Getty Images for the Invictus Ga 20/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle PA Wire/PA Images 1/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announce their engagement. Getty Images 2/20 Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at the Crown Liquor Saloon, Belfast during their visit to Northern Ireland. Rex Features 3/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose for their engagement shoot. Alexi Lubomirski 4/20 Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attend Christmas Day Church service at Church of St Mary Magdalene on December 25, 2017 in King's Lynn. Chris Jackson/Getty Images 5/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle attend a wheelchair tennis event at the Invictus Games in Toronto. AP 6/20 Another picture from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's engagement shoot. Alexi Lubomirski 7/20 Prince Harry and his fiancée Meghan Markle watch a dance performance by Jukebox Collective during a visit at Cardiff Castle for a day showcasing the rich culture and heritage of Wales. AFP/Getty Images 8/20 Meghan Markle shows off her engagement ring with Prince Harry. Getty Images 9/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose during a visit to Reprezent 107.3FM in Pop Brixton in London. The Reprezent training programme was established in Peckham in 2008, in response to the alarming rise in knife crime, to help young people develop and socialise through radio. Getty Images 10/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle listen to a broadcast through headphones at Reprezent 107.3FM in Pop Brixton. Getty 11/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle meet members of the public following a visit to youth-orientated radio station, Reprezent FM, in Brixton, south London PA 12/20 Prince Harry kisses Meghan Markle at the Invictus Games in Toronto. AP 13/20 AFP/Getty Images 14/20 Picture: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle look at some prosthetic limbs made by the Titanic FX company during a visit to Catalyst Inc science park in Belfast where they met some of Northern Ireland's brightest young entrepreneurs. Niall Carson/PA Wire/PA Images 15/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pose at The Sunken Gardens. Getty Images 16/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle speak to an athlete after a Wheelchair Tennis match at the 2017 Invictus Games PA Wire/PA Images 17/20 Getty Images 18/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle watch a wheelchair tennis event at the Invictus Games AP 19/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle joke around Getty Images for the Invictus Ga 20/20 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle PA Wire/PA Images

Sold as part of a company called Royally Grown which Dooley set up with his mother Tracy - who was married to Markle’s half-brother Tom Markle Jr – Markle Sparkle isn’t the only product they are working on.

Royally Grown is also selling edibles like Markle Sparkle-infused brownies, oils and tinctures, as well as makeup, jewellery, bath products and an organic hemp clothing line.

According to the Daily Mail, the new drug has already won the praise of marijuana industry newspaper High Times.

Its spokesman Jon Cappetta has said: “If the quality of the strain matches the hype over its name, Markle Sparkle has the potential to be very lucrative.

“Title strains like Blue Dream, Sour Diesel, or OG Kush are sought out by name across the world, and in turn can command higher rates.

“These are decades old strains we're talking about. If this hits in the way they are hoping, it will not only make money for years to come, it actually has the potential to outlast the marriage.”

