pagesix.com/2018/05/21/paris-jackson-addresses-family-issues-after-janet-jacksons-bbmas-performance/

May

Paris Jackson addresses family issues after Janet Jackson performance

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Paris Jackson praised her aunt Janet Jackson’s Billboard Music Awards performance on social media, but when she wasn’t seen in the audience alongside grandmother Katherine Jackson, brother Prince Jackson and aunt Rebbie Jackson while Janet accepted her Billboard Icon Award, fans questioned her family loyalty.

Paris, the 20-year-old daughter of the late Michael Jackson, address her critics on social media, telling them not to worry about her or her family’s business.

“Dear social media followers, friends, stalkers, lovers and haters, and fellow moonwalkers: Please do not tell me/demands/try to control how I handle my relationship with the people in my life, specifically my family,” she wrote in an Instagram Story.

“As amazing and as s—-y as things can be, it is no one’s business but ours. I understand that some of you feel some sort of connection or need to be a part of our lives considering you watched us grow up. However, I am handling my situation exactly how my father did. And I am happy keeping it that way. I will always have love and respect for my family. ALWAYS.”

The model expressed awareness of her family’s drama always playing out publicly, but reinforced that familial issues aren’t uncommon.

“Every family has their moments of trauma, heartbreak, separation, love, oneness, tribe, pain, everything. EVERY FAMILY. My family, specifically, and a good number of others…well, our drama is broadcasted worldwide through media,” Paris continued. “But that doesn’t mean our family issues are any different from yours. Ours are just made public.”

“Every level has another devil. Every life has their own s–t to deal with. We ain’t inferior or superior to y’all. We’re all f–king human. So let’s act like it. I appreciate any and every person reading this and I’m grateful for everything in my life, positive and negative.”

