www.journalpost.com/entertainment/celeb/selena-and-justin-bieber-split-reason/

Sheza Qureshi

Real reason behind Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez’s breakup has finally been revealed

Rumors have been swirling about the reasons behind the breakup of Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez. And it has finally been revealed that the actual cause behind their recent split was that Selena decided to choose ‘happiness’ over Justin!

J-Beebs and Selena’s romance has been the most tumultuous one in the celebrity world. They broke up and got back together so many times that even the Jelena shippers have lost count.

Over the series of their breakups, both the stars handled their split very differently. And it’s a known fact that no matter who decides to break up, both the partners involved in a relationship feel terrible when things end between them. Having said that, one of the two always seems to be doing a little better than the other. And this time around, it seems as if Selena is trying to focus on the good instead of the bad.

A source close to the 25-year-old singer, Gomez, revealed to Us Weekly that she is ‘thrilled about her decision making process’.

REAL LIFE. REAL NEWS. REAL VOICES Help us tell more of the stories that matter from voices that too often remain unheard. Support Journal Post

While further elaborating, the source said, “Selena started seeing the bigger picture when it came to their relationship, like what was more important: her general happiness and her family and friends’ approval, or her being together with Justin, where no one really supported their relationship.”

The source continued, “She obviously chose happiness and her friends and family, and is so thrill about her decision-making process. She feels more empowered than ever and is looking forward to this next chapter.”

While talking about the Bad Liar singer’s sentiments on the same issue, the source said that Sel feels like she ‘got it out of her system’. And instead of ruminating over the breakup and holding on to the negative feelings, she has more ‘exciting’ things to look forward to – like her recent single, ‘Back 2 You’.

It has also been revealed by a source close to the family that the rift in the couple has majorly been caused due to Selena’s mother.

The source said, “Selena and Justin decided to take a break mainly because of Selena’s mom and her disapproval of Justin.”

“Justin’s family loves Selena, but Selena’s family has put her in a very conflicting spot because they still don’t trust Justin. Selena has tried to convince her family that Justin has changed… but her family isn’t budging right now,” the insider concluded.

Justin and Selena’s breakup has started to look more like a permanent one, and reality has finally started to sink in with the Jelena fans!

