www.newidea.com.au/pink-marriage-to-carey-hart-in-crisis

New Idea

Very sad news about Pink’s marriage

The 38-year-old singer, who is currently on tour to promote her Beautiful Trauma album, was forced to cancel two concerts last week after contracting a bad case of the flu.

However, those close to workaholic Pink say her jam-packed schedule has been playing havoc on her relationship with husband Carey Hart.

‘There’s no denying that Pink is unwell and her health is taking a battering at the moment, but there’s also another big reason that she’s cancelling concerts,’ an insider tells New Idea.

‘Carey has been really pushing her to cut back recently, and he isn’t happy with how much time she and the kids are spending away from home – not to mention the stress it’s putting on their marriage.’

Those close to the couple say that the 42-year-old Motocross star – who shares daughter Willow, six, and son Jameson, 15 months, with Pink – said that it was madness for the Just Like A Pill singer to take on such a packed schedule so soon after giving birth to Jameson.

In a recent Instagram post, lonely Carey made it clear how much he was missing his family.

‘Missing my crew!!!!!!! One more day, and I’m back on tour,’ he captioned a cute snap of Pink and their kids.

‘Carey really feels like he’s been forgotten recently,’ continues the insider.

‘They barely spend any time together – there are no date nights any more, phone calls are rushed, and whenever they see each other, they’re fussing over the kids and are just too tired to spend any real time together.’

It’s no secret the couple – who have weathered a stormy relationship in the past – often struggle to make their marriage work.

Back in October, a candid Pink made a shock admission about their lack lustre sex life.

‘You’ll go through times when you haven’t had sex in a year. Is this bed death? Is this the end of it? Do I want him? Does he want me?’ she spilled openly to The Guardian.

So it’s no surprise that Carey really wanted Pink to cut some shows from her tour.

‘He doesn’t want them to split again, and so he’s been insistent that she put the brakes on her career and spend some more time together as a family. He’s told her she simply has to slow down for the sake of their marriage.

For the full story see this weeks issue of New Idea - out now!

