www.instyle.com/news/barcelona-terror-attacks-celebrity-tributes

Alexandra Whittaker

Celebrities Share Tributes to Victims of the Barcelona Terror Attack

Image zoom Getty

On Thursday afternoon, a van sped into large crowds in the famous Las Ramblas tourist area of Barcelona, Spain. At least 12 people have died and 80 have been hospitalized, according to Catalonia's regional president as reported by the Associated Press. Police are reportedly treating the event as a terrorist attack. Catalonia is a region in northeastern Spain, and Barcelona is the largest city within it.

As information about the attack continues to be released, celebrities have taken to their social media platforms to offer thoughts and condolences in the wake of the tragedy.

Jennifer Lopez responded to the violence in a tweet in Spanish. Translated to English, she wrote, "Sending you much love and peace to the great city of #Barcelona and all its beautiful people."

Enviándole mucho amor y paz a la gran ciudad de #Barcelona y toda su gente hermosa. #barcelonaContigo #barcelonaAmbTu❤️ — Jennifer Lopez (@JLo) August 17, 2017

Antonio Banderas, who is from Spain, also tweeted immediately after the news broke. His tweet translates to "fused in a hug with #Barcelona":

Fundidos en un abrazo con #Barcelona. — Antonio Banderas (@antoniobanderas) August 17, 2017

Alyssa Milano also tweeted a message of support to those affected in the early hours after the attack, beginning her tweet with a broken heart emoji.

💔 Sending my thoughts, love and strength to #barcelona! https://t.co/bLu2Xa3hXn — Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) August 17, 2017

Read more celebrity tributes to the victims of the terror attack below.

All my love to Barcelona today. 💔 — Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) August 17, 2017

My heart breaks for all of those affected by today's tragedy in Barcelona. The world needs a group hug right now. More love and compassion. — Ashley Greene (@AshleyMGreene) August 17, 2017

Sending love and prayers to Barcelona right now. — Taye Diggs (@TayeDiggs) August 17, 2017

Thoughts and prayers to #Barcelona — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) August 17, 2017

The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough & strong, we love you! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 17, 2017

My heart is breaking for the people of #Barcelona. My prayers and thoughts will be constant for Barcelona and for humanity in general. ❤️ — Sheryl Crow (@SherylCrow) August 17, 2017

Awful news out of Barcelona. Our hearts are with the victims and their families. ❤️ Loved our time there and the people. — Tegan and Sara (@teganandsara) August 17, 2017

Sending prayers for the victims of the senseless act of grotesque terrorism in Barcelona. This madness has to stop. — RainnWilson (@rainnwilson) August 17, 2017

Consternado com as notícias que chegam de Barcelona. Todo o apoio e solidariedade a família e amigos das vítimas. — Cristiano Ronaldo (@Cristiano) August 17, 2017

Ataques trágicos y sin sentido en Barcelona. Nuestros pensamientos están hoy con todos nuestros amigos y compañeros en esa gran ciudad. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) August 17, 2017

Each day the world is a little more terrifying :( sending you love #Barcelona ❤️ — Hayley Williams (@HayleyWi11iams) August 17, 2017

Sending love and prayers to the people of Barcelona... — Ellen Pompeo (@EllenPompeo) August 17, 2017

Thinking of everyone in #Barcelona today. Really terrible news❤ pic.twitter.com/Hda5Dym2Q3 — Millie Bobby Brown (@milliebbrown) August 17, 2017

Michelle and I are thinking of the victims and their families in Barcelona. Americans will always stand with our Spanish friends. Un abrazo. — Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 17, 2017

