www.standard.co.uk/showbiz/celebrity-news/glowing-rihanna-stokes-pregnancy-rumours-at-grammy-awards-after-party-a3752261.html

Emma Powell

Rihanna stokes pregnancy rumours at Grammys 2018 after party

Rihanna has stoked pregnancy rumours by appearing to cover up her stomach while leaving a Grammy Awards after party.

The Barbadian singer, 29, appeared to cradle her stomach as she left New York’s 1Oak nightclub with boyfriend Hassan Jameel.

Rihanna looked stunning in a metallic gown which she teamed with an oversized black coat that she kept wrapped around her midriff.

The singer partied with a host of stars after taking to the stage with DJ Khaled and Bryson Tiller for a raunchy performance of Wild Thoughts at Sunday night’s ceremony.

Fans flocked to Twitter to comment on her “glowing” appearance, with many speculating that she could be pregnant.

One user tweeted: “A part of me feels like Rihanna is pregnant.”

Another posted: “Rihanna is pregnant. Her face full and she’s glowing crazy.”

A third wrote: “Why are they stressing Rihanna on that stage with all that dancing? She’s obviously pregnant, carrying a billionaire’s child too.”

Others shut down the speculation with one tweeting: “Rihanna been pregnant since 2016 to y’all. Give it up.”

Another posted: “Ya'll been saying rihanna pregnant for like 80 weeks now lmao (sic).”

Rihanna was among the night’s big winners after taking home the gong for Best Rap/Sung Performance for her track Loyalty with Kendrick Lamar.

Bruno Mars swept the board as he took home the top trio of Song, Album and Record of the Year.

British star Ed Sheeran was honoured with Best Solo Performance for Shape of You and Best Vocal Album for Divide, but he was booed by some on being announced.

Some felt the singer – who was unable to attend the bash – was undeserved of the Best Solo Performance gong which they claimed Kesha should have won for her emotional song, Praying.

The singer broke down in tears after she sang the track, which details her depression and sexual assault, with Camila Cabello, Cyndi Lauper, Julia Michaels, Bebe Rexha and Andra Day at the ceremony.

Standard Online has contacted representatives for Rihanna for comment.

