www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5885707/Nicole-Kidman-Keith-Urban-celebrate-12th-wedding-anniversary.html

Kristy Johnson For Daily Mail Australia

Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban celebrate 12th wedding anniversary

They're the A-list couple who are certainly not shy about sharing their affection for one another in public.

And Nicole Kidman paid tribute to her husband Keith Urban on Tuesday to celebrate the couple's 12th wedding anniversary.

The 51-year-old shared a montage of their 2006 Sydney nuptials to Instagram and gushed: 'I'm a lucky woman.'

'I'm a lucky woman': Nicole Kidman shares footage from her wedding day with Keith Urban as couple celebrate their 12th anniversary

The clip shows Nicole in her Balenciaga bridal gown and veil looking into the eyes of her groom before leaning in to lock lips with the country music star.

Meanwhile, Keith, 50, cuts a dapper figure in his crisp white shirt and tailored suit jacket and appears to whisper sweet nothings to his stunning wife.

The couple's wedding venue, the Cardinal Cerretti Chapel in the grounds of St Patrick's College in Manly, Sydney, is also featured throughout the video.

Captured: A montage shared to Instagram featured the church where the couple wed in Sydney's Manly, in 2006

Nicole reflects on the day in the post's caption, writing: 'Remembering 12 years ago today at a church in Manly, Australia. Still feels like it was yesterday. I'm a lucky woman ❤️Happy Anniversary Baby.'

Keith also took to his Instagram account on Tuesday, sharing a candid moment of himself seated at a piano and Nicole standing behind, appearing to break out into song.

The country crooner wrote alongside the image: '12 years of celestial synergized soul dancing. Happy anniversary Babygirl!!! I love you SO much. - KU.'

Celebratory: Keith also took to his Instagram account on Tuesday, sharing a candid moment of himself seated at a piano and Nicole standing behind, appearing to break out into song

Nicole and Keith's nuptials took place on Sunday 25 June 2006, with A-list guests Hugh Jackman and wife Deborra-Lee Furness, along with Naomi Watts and director Baz Luhrmann in attendance.

The Moulin Rouge star's two adopted children, Isabella, 25, and Connor, 23, who she shares with ex-husband Tom Cruise, acted as bridesmaid and usher.

Nicole and Keith later added to their brood, welcoming daughters Sunday Rose, nine, and Faith Margaret, seven, in 2008 and 2010.

Revealed: In a recent interview with Parade, the flame-haired actress revealed the secret behind their strong marriage is communicating with one another, but never texting

In an interview with Parade, the flame-haired actress revealed the secret behind their strong marriage is communicating with one another, but never texting.

'We've never texted. That is so not our relationship, which is interesting right?' Nicole told the publication.

She continued: 'We call. We've done this since the very beginning. The reason it started at the beginning was because I didn't know how to text and it just kind of worked for us, so now we don't.

