litefm.iheart.com/content/2017-09-23-celebrities-react-trump-withdraws-steph-curry-white-house-invitation/

Shari Weiss

Celebrities React: Trump Withdraws Steph Curry White House Invitation

Curry first indicated back in June, that if the Golden State Warriors were invited to meet with the president as the 2016-2017 NBA champions, he wouldn’t go. He reiterated that stance on Friday, revealing that he planned to cast a “no” vote when the team takes a poll on whether to make the trip. He explained to reporters at the Warriors’ Media Day, “The things that he’s said and the things that he hasn’t said at the right times… we won’t stand for it. By acting and not going, hopefully that will inspire some change when it comes to what we tolerate in this country, what is accepted and what we turn a blind eye toward.”

The tweet made “Stephen Curry” a trending topic on Twitter, and actually prompted rival LeBron James to tweet, “U bum @StephenCurry30 already said he ain’t going! So therefore ain’t no invite. Going to White House was a great honor until you showed up!” Andy Cohen replied “HAHAHAHHA AMEN,” while Chrissy Teigen laughed over the “U bum” line. Cohen also pointed out, “HOUSEWIVES PLAYBOOK: rescind invitations liberally! (See: Bethenny re LuAnn, Mexico; Bethenny & Ramona, Mexico.)” Seth Meyers also quipped about Trump, “Somebody’s got their laid back weekend vibe working!”

“Perhaps it’s not a great honor while your stench is there,” slammed John Legend. Don Cheadle sarcastically replied to Trump, “I’m sure he’s crushed.” Jeffrey Wright praised, “Well done @StephenCurry30.” Joked Trevor Noah, “‘You’re not breaking up with me, I’m breaking up with you!'” George Takei said to he president, “And just when you thought he couldn’t get any more petty…” Ava DuVernay also wrote to him, “Man, nobody with any sense or self-respect considers it an honor to be within a 10 mile radius of you. It is known.” Karrueche Tran exclaimed, “HE WAS NEVER GOING IDIOT! PUERTO RICO IS WITHOUT POWER!! PUERTO RICO IS A PART OF THE US. YOU DO KNOW THAT RIGHT?!!”

Jesse Tyler Ferguson noted, “It’s an honor when the president is honorable.” And Jemele Hill, who earned Trump’s ire on Twitter earlier this month for calling the president a white supremacist, tweeting with a laughing emoji, “Hey @StephenCurry30, welcome to the club bro.” Meanwhile, Curry’s wife, Ayesha, shared an eye-roll emoji in response to the president’s tweet, and wrote, "Okay… Donate to earthquake relief here!!!” She included a link to UNICEF. The tweet against Curry came as stars were already ripping Trump for saying NFL players who kneel during the National Anthem should be fired.

