www.billboard.com/articles/news/lyrics/8265891/lil-dicky-freaky-friday-lyrics-chris-brown

Morgan Enos

Here Are the Lyrics to Lil Dicky's 'Freaky Friday,' Feat. Chris Brown

Lil Dicky's "Freaky Friday" featuring Chris Brown was an unforeseen smash hit for the Philly comedy-rapper, debuting at No. 9 on the Billboard Hot 100. The success of Dicky's bonkers track about switching bodies with Brown seemed to leave the rapper himself in awe, telling Billboard recently: "It's validating to see a song be so mainstream while being so quirky and weird."

Now, you can get familiar with the zany, quotable lyrics to "Freaky Friday" below, while you wonder who you'd switch bodies with if given the opportunity.

Lil Dicky, ooh

Mustard on the beat, ho



I woke up Chris Breezy, oh my god I'm the man (oh shit)

I’m so fly and I can dance (whoa, whoa shit)

There’s tattoos on my neck (oh, oh)

I just FaceTimed Kanye (blip, blip)

I told him I’m his biggest fan, yeah (yeah)

Got all these hoes in my DM (yeah, I do)

Holy shit, I got a kid (oh)

Ohh, I can sing so well

Wonder if I can say the n-word (wait for real?)

Wait, can I really say the n-word?

What up, my n---a? (woo) What up, my n---a?

Big ups, my n---a, we up, my n---a

You pussy ass n---a, man, fuck y’all n---as

'Cause I’m that n---a, n---a, n---a, n---a

I’m that n---a



I woke up in Chris Brown’s body (oh yeah)

Somehow this shit turned into Freaky Friday

But we got no choice but to turn this bitch sideways

(Oh yeah, oh yeah)

I can’t believe that it's Freaky Friday

Yeah, it’s Freaky Friday

I’m in Chris Brown's body

I drive his Ferrari and I’m light-skinned black



(Ring ring) What the fuck?

I woke up and I'm Lil Dicky (Lil Dicky?)

Ugh, what the fuck?

This shit is real weak

How his dick staying perched up on his balls like that?

Walking down the street and ain’t nobody know my name (whoa)

Ain’t no paparazzi flashing pictures, this is great (whoa)

Ain’t nobody judging 'cause I’m black or my controversial past

I’ma go and see a movie and relax (woo)

Ayy, I’m a Blood but I can finally wear blue (cool)

Why his momma calling all the time?

Leave me the fuck alone, bitch

Wait, if I’m in Dicky’s body, Breezy is who?

Hope my daughter’s in school

Fuck, if I was Chris Brown, where would I be?

What would I do?



I woke up in Chris Brown’s body (oh yeah)

Somehow this shit turned into Freaky Friday

But we got no choice but to turn this bitch sideways

(Oh yeah, oh yeah)

I can’t believe that it’s Freaky Friday

Yeah, it’s Freaky Friday

I’m in Chris Brown's body

I look at my soft dick with delight, it’s my dream dick



If I was Lil Dicky in my body, where would I be?

I’m tryna to find myself like an introspective monk

I’m balling on the court, oh my God I can dunk

Snap a flick of my junk

My dick is trending on Twitter? Fuck

Now I’m at the club, I talked my way into getting in

I look up in the VIP, my goodness there I am

I signal to him to let me in but he won’t let me in

I don’t know who that is

Wait, who the fuck he think he is?

Took a glass bottle, shatter it on the bouncer's head (woo)

Walked up to that motherfucker

Wait, think it through for a sec

If you hurting me then you only hurting yourself

But wait, I love myself

That was the key, now we're switching back



I woke up in Chris Brown’s body (oh yeah)

Somehow this shit turned into Freaky Friday

But we got no choice but to turn this bitch sideways

(I can't believe)

I can’t believe that it’s Freaky Friday



Wait, what the fuck?

And now I'm in Ed Sheeran’s body

It’s way less cool than being Chris Brown was

What the fuck again?

I’m DJ Khaled

Why am I yelling?

Huh, I'm Kendall Jenner

I got a vagina, I’m gonna explore that right now (woo, woo)

Holy shit, I got a vagina (uh), I'm gonna learn

I’m gonna understand the inner workings of a woman

Lyrics licensed & provided by LyricFind

Lyrics © Warner/Chappell Music, Inc.

Written by: CAT CASHMERE, CHRIS BROWN, DAVID BURD, DIJON MCFARLANE, TWICE AS NICE .

