deadline.com/2016/11/steve-harvey-daytime-talk-show-end-new-show-img-nbcu-1201852895/

Nellie Andreeva

Steve Harvey To End Daytime Talk Show, Launch New One With IMG & NBCU

The Steve Harvey show will be coming to an end after five seasons. However, Harvey will remain a daytime fixture with a new talker, set to launch in September. He will produce the new daily syndicated show with IMG. It will be distributed by NBCUniversal Domestic Television, which also distributed Steve Harvey. The NBC stations, which currently carry Steve Harvey, also will be the core station group for the new show next fall. NBCU is currently shopping it to other stations with the expectations that the new program will be taken on by the majority of stations that carry Steve Harvey. The terms of the deals are unclear but shows of this caliber usually seek and get a two-year initial pickup.

There had been speculation that Harvey would end his successful talk show when his contract with EndemolShine North America ends in 2017. In anticipation of a potential end, NBCU only went for a one-season station renewal when the show’s deal came up this past May. EndemolShine produced Steve Harvey, based in Chicago, which will wrap after completing its current fifth season in May. The comedian is teaming with a new producing partner, IMG, for the new talker, which will be based in Los Angeles. He also is gaining ownership and creative control, something he had been after. IMG, a management/production division of WME-IMG, has been actively venturing in production and distribution of TV shows on behalf of clients.

Related Story Miss Universe Pageant Insider Clears Up Confusion Over Who Won 2019 National Costume Category

Because of the new location, the new show is expected to be more celebrity driven while keeping Harvey’s trademark comedy.

Harvey’s star as a TV host has risen meteorically since his eponymous talk show launched in 2012. Having his daytime talker in Los Angeles will be convenient for Harvey as three other shows he hosts are produced here, NBC’s Little Big Shots and ABC’s Celebrity Family Feud and Funderdome. (The Celebrity Feud syndicated strip films in Atlanta, but such game shows usually are filmed in large batches.)

Steve Harvey has consistently been a top tier talker, ranking #4 behind Dr. Phil, Ellen and Live With Kelly. During the most recent week reporting, it averaged 2.3 million viewers and a 1.7 in adults 18-49.

EndemolShine last week announced a new Page Six gossip syndication strip for next fall. The new Steve Harvey talker is the second syndicated talk show announced for fall 2017.

