www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/kanye-west-wont-attend-met-10336830

Zoe Shenton, Jj Nattrass, Image, Getty, Wireimage, Kimkardashian Instagram, Filmmagic, Splash

Kanye West won't attend Met Gala because 'he's not ready to return to the spotlight following breakdown'

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Ever since 2013 Kanye West has walked the star-studded Met Gala red carpet with wife Kim Kardashian.

However, this year the rapper won't be attending and instead will stay in Los Angeles with their two young children, while Kim attends with sisters Kylie and Kendall Jenner.

According to US reports, the reason Kanye is skipping this year's soiree is because he isn't yet ready to return to the spotlight following his breakdown and hospitalisation late last year.

A source told People magazine : “It had nothing to do with the Met Gala. It was more about the stress and pressure of a big red carpet. He just wasn’t quite there yet. Kanye has been doing okay. He’s made a lot of good progress and is in a much better place.”

(Image: Wireimage)

(Image: KimKardashian/Instagram)

They added: “He’s still very much enjoying his time off from public events.

“He’ll be staying back in LA with their kids [North and Saint]. Everything is great with him and Kim and he’s supportive of her going solo.”

Meanwhile, another insider revealed that Kim will be wearing an outfit designed by British fashion icon Vivienne Westwood.

While she has always impressed with her choice in frocks and costumes at the event, Kim may be wearing something a little less revealing at this year's ball.

(Image: Getty) (Image: FilmMagic)

Just a week ago she was at the centre of a huge fanbase backlash after unedited pictures of her on holiday in Mexico emerged - showing the star with cellulite on her posterior as opposed to a smooth and firm rear.

The E! reality star and influencer is believed to have lost 100,000 followers after the incident, with many fans accusing her of being 'fake' after seemingly editing all of her pictures.

(Image: Splash)

The Met Gala is best known as the Oscars of the Fashion World where the stars parade down the red carpet in a variety of eye catching and often downright bizarre outfits.

Every year there’s a different theme. Previous years’ themes have included Manus x Machina: Fashion In An Age of Technology and China: Through The Looking Glass

This year's theme will be centred around Japanese designer Rei Kawakubo, founder of Comme des Garçons and it's only the second time that the focus has been on a living designer - after 1983's Yves Saint Laurent event.

