www.countryliving.com/life/entertainment/a19839548/tim-mcgraw-faith-hill-swimsuits/

Taysha Murtaugh, Lifestyle Editor, Taysha Murtaugh Is The Lifestyle Editor At Countryliving.Com, Where She Covers Everything Home Decor, Crafts To Country Music

Haters are Shaming Faith Hill and Tim McGraw's for Being "Too Thin" In New Photo

Despite being nominated for Vocal Duo of the Year, Faith Hill and Tim McGraw were noticeably absent from the Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday. Now, we know where they were: in their "favorite place," as Tim captioned a photo with "his girl" posted on Monday.

In the Instagram, the couple can be seen canoodling on the water in their bathing suits, likely in the Bahamas, where they own a beautiful vacation home.

The husband and wife appear to be as happy and in love as ever, but of course, internet trolls took issue with the image. In the comments, haters cruelly called the couple "too thin," "unhealthy," and even asked if Tim might be battling an illness or if Faith might have an eating disorder.

"I've got to say Tim you look really bad. Are you ill?" asked one person. Another wrote, "for family and close friends- I'd be concerned and ask if they are ok.... I had a family member who had ED and was hospitalized and very ill.... I don't want that to happen to anyone."

Fans came to their defense, reminding people that it's "really NONE of your business," and besides, Faith has "always been thin," and that Tim "is running everyday. And off the alcohol. "

It's true that Tim has said he quit drinking in 2008 and turned to exercise instead.

"I got to a point in my career, where it was either time to give up, not try to be the best you can be moving forward or try to be the best that you can be," The Boot quoted him as saying in 2016. "I was at a crossroads in my life on all fronts: I wanted to be healthy, I wanted to be around for my kids, I wanted to be a better husband and a better father, I wanted to take care of myself mentally and physically, and I wanted to get the most out of my career that I could get out of my career."



Recently, Tim's health made headlines when the country star collapsed on stage due to dehydration. "I've gotta cut short my workouts," the singer said.

Thankfully, positive words about Tim and Faith's strong marriage, great music, and the beautiful moment that was captured drowned out the negative ones.

