marriedbiography.com/princess-charlotte-recite-great-ancestors-quote-unknowingly-advanced-age-know-truths/



Did Princess Charlotte recite her great ancestor’s quote unknowingly? Is she advanced for her age?-Know the truths here! – Married Biography

Did Princess Charlotte recite her great ancestor’s quote unknowingly? Is she advanced for her age?-Know the truths here! Share this

Princess Charlotte’s recital?

National Enquirer this week reported that 2-year-old Princess Charlotte, the youngest and only daughter of Prince William and Princess Kate Middleton had randomly recited her grand ancestor, Queen Victoria’s quote. Queen Victoria had served as the Queen of England from 1837 to her death in 1901. The tabloid wrote that the little royal kid had shocked the palace staff members when she said what Queen Victoria used to say. Princess Charlotte was playing with a group of toddlers. After she finished playing, it seems that she looked at the royal helpers and said:

“The important thing is not what they think of me, but what I think of them.”

This quote was used by Queen Victoria in the 19th century.

Gossip Cop has spoken to a royal insider who laughed off at National Enquirer’s story. The insider also denied any such incident in the palace. The source revealed that the story of the tabloid was completely untrue. It is quite unlikely that a kid as small as Princess Charlotte could put together the words to make such a complete and articulate sentence. And then to repeat what was said almost a century ago is very far-fetched.

Is Princess Charlotte advanced for her age?

Last September, Princess Charlotte had accompanied her parents and brother to Canada. At a royal garden party, Princess Charlotte had mingled with other children and toddlers. Princess Charlotte moved around confidently round the garden lawn and engaged herself with the surroundings. She was just 16 years old when she went to Canada for this tour. But it was clearly seen that instead of the wobbly walk of any her age child, Princess Charlotte was walking quite sturdily and also was seen running at one point in time. She preferred balloons over bubbles. At her age, children usually can only mimic simple tasks. But Princess Charlotte was spotted trying to fold her cardigan which is quite a complex task for such a small child.

She seemed to have a good vocabulary at that age. Princess Charlotte was heard saying: dada, flower, and pop (for the balloons). Paul Kilshaw, 53, the children’s entertainer said:

“Charlotte asked for a flower, I think she said ‘flower’ because the other little girls were asking for flowers.”

She was not copying others like the other children of her age would but was inventing her own plays. She went and sat on the dog Moose. She also ran towards the balloons and started a game of her own of repeatedly hitting at them.

She also hugged the black and white rabbit around; which reveals her emotional development of passing on love to an animal. A spokesperson for the Royal family said:

“The Duke and Duchess are really pleased to have this opportunity to introduce their children to Canada and it’s great that they have the chance to play with other children while they are here.”

The show-stealer

Princess Charlotte is the show-stealer at most of the occasions. She seems to have inherited the dark Middleton eyes and her mother’s darker hairs. But she is gradually acquiring the royal genes. Her face now resembles that of her great-grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II when she was small.

Prince William dots on his little one and calls her ‘the joy from the Heaven’. Friends say that the little Princess has a bubbly and confident character, but talking about her daughter, Princess Kate had said:

“She is very cute but she has got quite a feisty side. George has turned out to be a really lovely little boy. I hope George will keep Charlotte in order!”

Princess Charlotte was the bridesmaid for her maternal aunt, Pippa Middleton at the latter’s wedding on 20th May 2017 to financier James Matthews. Princess Charlotte looked cute in her tan-and-white dress by Pepa and Co. and had worn a floral headpiece. She was also holding a tiny basket and seemed quite fond of it. The mother-daughter duo made an amazing and beautiful pair!

The little Princess had also stolen the show at the Trooping the Colour Ceremony in June 2017 at the Royal Palace. She was in a pretty baby pink dress and stood on the balcony of the Buckingham Palace along with the other royal family members, enjoying the military specter.

The Princess’ life at Anmer Hall

For the last two years, Princess Charlotte had stayed with her parents and brother at Anmer Hall, her parents’ 10-bedroom mansion at Norfolk, England. It was a simple life there with Kate managing the whole show alone. She had her royal servants and her children’s nanny. An insider told People:

“There was no formality at all. It really was like any other family sitting down to lunch, with George and Charlotte eating their homemade food in their high chairs and toddling around with their toys.”

He added:

“You’d think that Kate and William would have an army of staff to help them out, but it really was just them and the children,”

Another family friend said:

