hollywoodlife.com/2017/10/30/kate-upton-model-lingerie-justin-verlander-world-series/

Courteney Larocca, Weekend Editor

Kate Upton Models Lingerie Every Night For Justin Verlander To Inspire Him In World Series

Justin Verlander is one lucky dude! We’ve learned EXCLUSIVELY that Kate Upton has been modeling some seriously sexy lingerie to help the baseball player relax during the World Series. How sweet!

Kate Upton, 25, is doing a great job supporting her fiancée Justin Verlander, 34, during the World Series. The Houston Astros pitcher has led the team all the way to the sixth game in the series, and it’s entirely possible that they could win it all. While Kate has been supportive on the sidelines, she’s also reportedly been bringing her encouragement all the way to home base. We’ve learned EXCLUSIVELY that the model has been utilizing some sexy ensembles to help Justin unwind. See pics of the couple here!

“Justin loves lingerie so Kate has brought 7 drop dead sexy time outfits to help inspire him during the series. She’s been wearing one per night to keep him happy and relaxed,” a source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “The last thing he needs is to be getting stressed out. Now he’s pitching in game six and could win the whole thing on Halloween. It’s the biggest game of his life and she knows it. She’s doing everything she can to help him prepare and promises a huge romantic celebration if Justin and the Astros win the World Series on Halloween.”

While Kate has been showing off in the bedroom, it seems that it doesn’t go beyond the seven sexy style choices. “No sex on game day is the rule in the Verlander home,” a source close to Kate Upton previously told us. “This is Justin’s philosophy. Kate would never refuse sex with her man Justin. She loves him and they have explosive chemistry together.” This backs up what Kate said about Justin’s game day prep back in February.“There’s no sex before a game. Absolutely none,” she said, according to the New York Post. “What I’ve [also] just found out is, if he plays too well, there’s no sex after, either. What a buzzkill for me!” We admire Justin’s commitment to his craft and we’re sure Kate probably has the perfect plan for how to celebrate if his team wins the World Series on Oct. 31.

HollywoodLifers, what do you think about Kate’s way of inspiring Justin? Let us know!

