radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/08/the-voice-season-15-coaches-kelly-clarkson-jennifer-hudson-feud/

James Vituscka, August

‘The Voice’ Feud Erupts In Rehearsals Between ‘Idol’ Alums Kelly Clarkson & Jennifer Hudson

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

J-Hud Vs. Kelly! 'Idol' Alums Already At War During Taping Of 'The Voice'

J-Hud Vs. Kelly! 'Idol' Alums Already At War During Taping Of 'The Voice'

J-Hud Vs. Kelly! 'Idol' Alums Already At War During Taping Of 'The Voice' Hudson is ‘coming back with a vengeance,’ says onset source.

Taping for season 15 of The Voice starts on Wednesday, and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned returning diva judge Jennifer Hudson has it out for last season’s rookie winning coach, Kelly Clarkson!

According to a source Hudson, 35 – who got canned years ago as an American Idol hopeful — is making rehearsals a living hell for Clarkson, whose career was launched when she won the first season of Idol!

“Jennifer has had it out for her since Idol days and Kelly knows this,” the on-set snitch said.

“She is telling everyone who will listen that she may have lost Idol but she is not going to lose The Voice.”

As Radar previously reported, Hudson created a ton of drama when she was a coach on The Voice two seasons ago and was ripped apart by fans for her crazy on-camera antics, which included throwing shoes at contestants!

On the other hand, Clarkson gained a tremendous new fan base when she coached last season — and the execs love her too.

“Blake and Adam are already on Team Kelly and Jennifer knows this,” the source told Radar.

“Jennifer hasn’t changed at all and everyone knows that the only reason she was brought back is to bring the drama. And that is exactly what she is doing.”

Do you think that Kelly Clarkson will win ‘The Voice’ this season? Sound off in the comments below.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

Get the exclusive celebrity scoop on all the stars you love before any of your friends by subscribing to our new podcast Straight Shuter below!

