metro.co.uk/2018/08/08/kourtney-kardashian-moves-younes-bendjima-split-caught-facetiming-another-guy-7812676/

Mel Evans

Kourtney Kardashian moves on from Younes Bendjima by FaceTiming another man

Kourtney and Kim wore their weekday best for their mall outing (Picture: X17online.com)

Kourtney Kardashian knows the best way to get over one young model boyfriend, it to chat with another young hottie.

The mother-of-three yesterday was caught mid-chat with some guy, after it was alleged yesterday her boyfriend of two years Younes Bendjima might be her boyfriend no longer.

After a shopping trip with sister Kim Kardashian and daughter Penelope for a public appearance, Kourtney, 39, was seen walking along a busy street not really giving any mind to the fact she was flashing the face of her Facetiming buddy for all to see.

Wearing a blue tank and olive-green skirt, she headed along the footpath in a pair of towering Perspex heels while chatting with her buddy and holding Penelope’s hand.

She really didn’t mind who saw (Picture: Backgrid)

She appeared to turn the phone ever so slightly so passersby got a great glimpse of the happenings, with her mate – who also seemed to be outside, wearing a cap – smiling in Kourt’s direction.

Kourt held the phone up as she walked along (Picture: Backgrid)

Not going to lie, he sort of looks likes Younes…

Advertisement

Advertisement

However, can we also please note the Mickey Mouse keyring on the reality star’s chain – this woman likes to keep things real.

Kourtney had earlier fronted up for an appearance alongside Kim, 37, at Westfield Century City as pictures emerged of Younes frolicking on the beach with mates.

Kourtney looked anything but glum as she held onto her daughter (Picture: X17online.com)

The Balmain model appeared very close to model Jordan Ozuma on a beach in Mexico – however TMZ claimed it was Kourtney who called time earlier, so perhaps he was just blowing off steam with a group of buddies abroad.

Younes seemed more bothered by the split as he took to Instagram and wrote: ‘Once again you guys failed. I’m not attached to this “life” so you can’t touch me.

‘I know who i am where i’m from and where i’m going and that bothers you. only one opinion matter The one of my Lord. Have a wonderful day.’

However The Shade Room captured a comment from Kim that allegedly read: ‘Nice pics from your “boys trip”.’

Kourt and her now ex-beau began dating back in 2016 when she met the Givenchy and Balmain model during Paris Fashion Week; just days before Kourtney’s sister Kim was the target of a horrific raid.

But rumours of a rift have been rife for weeks after Bendjima threw major shade at his then-girlfriend on Instagram, posting a comment on a photo of Kourtney in a thong bikini which simply read: ‘Thats what you need to show to get likes?’

Advertisement

Advertisement

However, sources claimed that the comment was just Younes’ attempt at humour.

A source told Us Weekly: ‘It was him trying to make a joke, and it wasn’t perceived well on Instagram. He doesn’t realise that making a joke could be perceived as something totally different or negative.’

Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for comment.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: ‘Nice pics from your boys trip’: Kim and Khloe Kardashian put Kourtney’s ex Younes Bendjima on blast

MORE: Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin pictured in tears weeks after confirming engagement

