us.blastingnews.com/showbiz-tv/2017/08/is-katy-perry-using-robert-pattinson-for-fame-and-attention-001916301.html

Ramon Sanchez, Jane Flowers, Tresa Patterson, Read More On The Same Topic Jastine, 'The Winds Of Winter' Release Might Be Pushed Further, Fans Blame George Rr Martin, Bradley Cooper, Irina Shaykl Reportedly Tried To Save Marriage For Daughter Before Breakup, 'Criminal Minds' Season, Spencer Reid Leads New Case

Is Katy Perry using Robert Pattinson for fame and attention?

Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs first announced that they are officially dating in 2014. However, recent reports are claiming that former boyfriend of Kristen Stewart is hooking up with American singer Katy Perry.

Is the ‘Twilight’ actor cheating on his fiancée?

Gossip Cop was quick to debunk the claims saying that Robert Pattinson is hooking up with Katy Perry. The publication claimed that the former boyfriend of Kristen Stewart is not seeing the “Roar” singer behind the back of FKA Twigs.

TMZ previously claimed that Pattinson and Perry were spotted getting flirty with each other at the Sunset Tower Hotel.

According to the news outlet, the former partners of Kristen Stewart and Orlando Bloom were eating with a number of friends but they later separated with the crowd later that night.

Speculations have it that Robert Pattinson and Katy Perry started secretly seeing each other following the latter’s split with the “Pirates of the Caribbean” actor. This, according to TMZ, is amid the reports that the “New Moon” star is affianced to FKA Twigs.

While these romance rumors could possibly be true, Gossip Cop claimed that these reports are completely made up.

As a matter of fact, Pattinson has reiterated on the “Howard Stern Show” that he is tying the knot with Twigs soon.

Moreover, Us Weekly shared Katy Perry has also divulged that she and Robert Pattinson are just friends. The “Thinking of You” songstress added that she treats FKA Twigs’ fiancé as a brother.

Perry even said that she never slept with Pattinson. The former BFF of Taylor Swift also emphasized that there is no bad blood between her and Kristen Stewart.

Is the ‘Teenage Dream’ singer using Kristen Stewart’s ex-bf?

Meanwhile, Celeb Dirty Laundry has claimed Katy Perry could possibly be using Robert Pattinson to break into acting.

The rumor website claimed that this could be the American songstress’ strategy to gain a position into an acting career.

“When you consider that acting street cred as being one of the things that Katy Perry is so desperately seeking, it’s not difficult to put two and two together,” CDL claimed. The publication even added that this is not the very first time that Pattinson is being used by someone for fame since Twigs allegedly had the same scheme.

Robert Pattinson, FKA Twigs and Katy Perry have yet to comment on these allegations.

Hence, fans should take these speculations with a grain of salt until everything is proven true and correct. After all, Celeb Dirty Laundry is known to be a spreader of baseless rumors. Stay tuned for more news and updates!

