www.elle.com/culture/celebrities/a22580511/meghan-markle-first-royal-birthday-plans/

Kayleigh Roberts, Kayleigh Roberts Is The Weekend Editor At Marieclaire.Com, Covering Celebrity, Culture, Everything Royals.

Meghan Markle Will Spend Her First Royal Birthday at a Wedding With Prince Harry

Meghan Markle is coming up on another milestone: Her first birthday as a royal. Considering Prince George just spent his fifth birthday on a private island, you might expect Meghan to have big, extravagant plans for her 37th.

But no. Meghan will spend her first birthday as a member of the royal family being a responsible adult and a good partner, accompanying Prince Harry to a wedding as his plus one.

According to Hello!, Harry and Meghan will spend August 4 (her birthday) at the wedding of Harry's childhood friend, Charlie Van Straubenzee, and Daisy Jenks. Harry and Charlie have been friends since they attended Ludgrove Prep School in Berkshire together as children and Charlie even asked Harry to serve as his best man. Charlie and his older brother, Thomas van Straubenzee, were also reportedly part of Harry and Meghan's wedding party in May, as ushers.

Max Mumby/Indigo Getty Images

Harry's commitment to Charlie's wedding happens to fall on August 4, the same day Meghan will turn 37. Royal photographer Tim Rooke revealed that the wedding coincides with Meghan's birthday in a tweet explaining that he will not be shooting the event.

"Unfortunately I will be missing the wedding of Charlie Van Straubenzee and Daisy Jenks where Prince Harry will be best man on August 4th in Churt Surrey as I will be on the beach. Can't do everything!" he wrote.

Unfortunately I will be missing the wedding of Charlie Van Straubenzee and Daisy Jenks where Prince Harry will be best man on August 4th in Churt Surrey as I will be on the beach .Can't do everything! — Rookie (@royalfocus1) July 27, 2018

The couple, who celebrated Meghan's 36th birthday in Africa, will almost certainly do something special another day to celebrate her big day, but even if they don't, at least she'll get to eat cake on her birthday. Bright side, right?

