news.iheart.com/featured/sisanie/content/2018-05-09-melissa-mccarthy-on-why-she-roots-for-online-trolls/

Erica Sullivan

Melissa McCarthy On Why She 'Roots For' Online Trolls

She says she doesn't get mad at these trolls, but "weirdly" roots for them.

She recently opened up about how she handles those online trolls who try and bring her down on social media, and I think her outlook is something we should all adopt.

We all know people troll celebrities online, like, a lot, but Melissa doesn't let those mean spirited comments get to her!

We know her for being hilarious and for starring in basically every comedy we've seen in the last couple of years... but what you may not realize about Melissa McCarthy is her incredible outlook on some of the more difficult things in life.

As part of her PEOPLE cover story, Melissa talked about rooting for the trolls saying:

"Instead of getting mad at them, I always feel like, ‘Oh, I hope you meet someone soon that you can talk to, someone that really makes you laugh'... I just root for that person to find a little joy.”

She also explained that the way she decides to make a difference in the world is by trying to change her outlook. And by not letting things get to her.

“I’m never going to change things by sitting in my living room bawling. That’s not going to fix or help anything."

She talked about raising her daughters in this kind of world, where people can (and will!) say whatever they want:

“It’s the same thing I tell my girls, ‘If somebody is being mean, they’re probably really not happy... If you’re having a great day, you don’t walk past someone and yell, ‘Freak!’ If you’re happy, you say, ‘I love your skirt!’"

What's really amazing, though, is that her positive outlook definitely affects the way people see her. If you scroll through Melissa's Instagram comments, there are FAR more positive comments than negative.

And that's probably due to the fact that she doesn't feed into any of them! Way to go Melissa, I'm definitely going to live my life a little more like you.





Get more from Producer Erica taking over for Sisanie here!

Photo: Getty Images

