www.econotimes.com/Jennifer-Aniston-Justin-Theroux-Latest-Rumors-Friends-Alum-To-Pay-Leftover-Actor-Millions-For-His-Silence-1406628



Jennifer Aniston, Justin Theroux Latest Rumors: ‘Friends’ Alum to Pay ‘The Leftovers’ Actor Millions for His Silence?

Following the split of Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux, a lot of rumors have been speculating on what’s going on behind the scenes. The most recent of these is the regurgitated claim that the “Friends” actress is willing to shell out $6.7 million to buy the silence of her ex-husband, as OK! Australia reported (via Gossip Cop).

Allegations are making the rounds that Justin Theroux is projected to make a lot of money if he writes a book regarding his relationship with Jennifer Aniston. The former celebrity couple had been together for seven years and were married for three, so it goes without saying that Justin knows about Jen’s personal life quite a bit.

However, there is no certainty of any payout whatsoever that has been confirmed by Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux. Friends and close acquaintances of the two also didn’t mention such an agreement, which would make these stories a complete fabrication.

Tabloids have been quick to spew these stories after Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux’s breakup, creating claims that would make catchy headlines. What’s more, the origins of these outright lies are mostly written by magazines that are managed by the same company.

For instance, OK! Australia and Radar Online are overseen by American Media Incorporated. Both these magazines have published stories in the past that were questionable at best and obviously deceptively at worst. Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux are but the latest subjects that these tabloids are covering since their breakup is relatively new.

The ex-couple previously said that while they decided to end their relationship, they’re doing so with no resentment towards each other. In fact, the two even released a statement that even though they’re separated, they still want to maintain their relationship as friends. So the rumors that Justin Theroux is writing a book about his time with Jennifer Aniston to simply make a quick profit are simply unfounded.

