www.ibtimes.com/howie-mandel-wants-invitation-meghan-markle-prince-harry-royal-wedding-2632936



Howie Mandel Wants An Invitation To Meghan Markle, Prince Harry Royal Wedding?

Howie Mandel has worked with Meghan Markle in the past, but he is not expecting an invitation to the royal wedding.

Markle appeared on Mandel's TV show "Deal or No Deal" from 2006 to 2007. The National Enquirer reported that Mandel wants to receive an invite to the "Suits" star's wedding.

"It would be nice if Meghan invited him," an unnamed source said. "Howie gave her career a big boost, and he's very proud of all the young ladies from the show. He's been reminding everyone who will listen that he found her first."

Gossip Cop debunked the previous report. The publication reached out to Mandel's rep who denied the rumors. The "America's Got Talent" judge's rep said that the report claiming that Mandel wants an invitation to the royal wedding is "made-up."

The publication added that there are a lot of popular celebrities that also appeared in "Deal or No Deal," including Chrissy Teigen. Mandel never clamored for an invitation to her wedding with John Legend. Also, the show aired for four years and it involved dozens of briefcase girls. Thus, it is unlikely for Mandel to expect invites from all of the ladies' weddings.

In related news, Markle's "Deal or No Deal" photos has resurfaced online. Earlier this month, a snap of Markle wearing a sexy Santa outfit made headlines. In the snap are Markle, Mandel and her fellow case models.

The photo was taken during the 35th episode of "Deal or No Deal" Season 2. It aired on Christmas Day in 2006.

Markle confessed that her appearance in the show was "to make ends meet." She was still an auditioning actress at that time and was still waiting for a big break.

"I would put that in the category of things I was doing while I was auditioning to try to make ends meet," Markle said. "I would end up standing up there forever in these terribly uncomfortable and inexpensive five-inch heels just waiting for someone to pick my number so I could go and sit down."

While Mandel's invite remains unconfirmed, Markle's parents are expected to be part of her royal wedding. The "Remember Me" star reportedly wanted to get her dad, Tom Markle, and mom, Doria Radlan, to be involved in her big day. In fact, Markle wanted to stick with traditions and have her dad walk her down the aisle.

