countryrebel.com/blogs/videos/truth-surfaces-behind-rumors-of-blake-shelton-miranda-lambert-reunion/

Miranda Raye

Truth Surfaces Behind Rumors Of Blake Shelton & Miranda Lambert Reunion

Advertisement

glamour.com

Advertisement

Since their divorce in July 2015, Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert have managed to keep from crossing paths. Even though they’ve attended some of the same functions, the former couple has reportedly avoided meeting face-to-face since their split.

But according to some reports, Shelton and Lambert recently reunited, with one outlet claiming it was more than just a friendly meeting. The site claims that “the bad boy crooner had a secret rendezvous with ex-wife Miranda Lambert and poured out his heart about how much he missed her.”

The same report says “insiders” revealed that Shelton and Lambert got “cozy” during a gala in Nashville, and that he even complimented her on her new single, “Vice.” According to the report, Shelton’s current girlfriend Gwen Stefani is not happy about his secret meeting with Lambert.

In recent days, more than one outlet has published reports claiming that Shelton and Lambert reunited. So is there any truth to the rumors?

It turns out the rumors are simply that, rumors. A contact close to Shelton and Lambert got in touch with Gossip Cop, a website known for exclusively debunking rumors and falsified reports in the entertainment industry. The contact confirmed to Gossip Cop that the supposed meeting between Shelton and Lambert is “completely made up.“

In addition, Shelton hasn’t even been in Nashville since August, likely due to his commitments for The Voice. Although Shelton and Lambert were both at the ACM Honors in August, they never encountered one another at the event.

While Shelton is completely devoted to The Voice right now, Lambert is preparing for the release of a double album. Called The Weight of These Wings, the album will make its debut on November 18th.

The Weight of These Wings will include 24 new songs from Lambert, including her latest single, “Vice.” Give it a listen in the video below.

Now On Spotify! Follow

