www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6109573/Hong-Kong-woman-21-tricked-marrying-STRANGER-mock-ceremony-China.html

Kelsey Cheng For Mailonline

Hong Kong woman 'tricked' into marrying a STRANGER in China

A young woman from Hong Kong has claimed that she was scammed into marrying a complete stranger in mainland China during a simulated wedding.

The 21-year-old woman, who has not been named, said she was told to play the role of a bride in a mock wedding in Fuzhou, Fujian province to complete her training to become a wedding planner.

However, during the ceremony in June, she and a man of similar age signed a genuine marriage certificate at a local government office and were officially married.

The young woman from Hong Kong (centre) has claimed that she was scammed into marrying a complete stranger in Fuzhou city, mainland China during a simulated wedding

She only realised she had been tricked upon returning to Hong Kong, where a friend told her it was a marriage scam.

Due to lack of evidence that a crime had taken place, the Hong Kong police were unable to step in. The victim therefore sought help from the Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions (FTU).

Wearing a mask, baseball cap and dark sunglasses, the woman told reporters at a press conference on Monday that she applied for a Facebook listing for a makeup artist apprenticeship in May.

The job offered an enticing monthly salary of HKD14,000 (£1,385) with free training and required no work experience, according to Apple Daily.

However, during the interview, the alleged scammer convinced her to apply for a wedding planner position instead, telling her that she could earn more money that way.

During the ceremony the woman and the man signed a real marriage document (file photo)

After signing the marriage certificate, the woman said she was told by the alleged scammer that they could ask the mayor to void the marriage record

She was given a week of free training in Hong Kong and was then told to participate in a mock wedding in Fuzhou to pass the course.

After signing the marriage certificate, the woman said she was told by the alleged scammer that they could ask the mayor to void the marriage record.

She currently remains married and it is not known if she would be able to get a divorce. There was no money involved, according to the South China Morning Post.

The motives behind the case are not yet known. However, mainland residents with a spouse in Hong Kong can apply for a permit to settle in the city.

The police are now investigating the case, according to a press release on the FTU website. The union also warned young people against potential job scams on the internet.

There have been 69 cases of job scams reported in the first half of this year, compared with 33 cases in the entire year of 2017, according to Apple Daily citing police figures.

Fraudsters would post job ads on various social media platforms and invite candidates to meet in public places such as cafes or parks. In the process, the scammers would ask victims to surrender their personal identification documents, bank cards and passwords.

