blog.wenn.com/all-news/craig-morgan-suing-life-jacket-maker-over-sons-death/



Craig Morgan Suing Life Jacket Maker Over Son’s Death

Country musician Craig Morgan has filed a $40 million lawsuit alleging the makers of a life vest are responsible for his son’s wrongful death.

The star is suing executives at Kent Sporting Goods Co and its subsidiary, Motion Water Sports, the manufacturers of the Liquid Force life vest, and the owners of Sun & Ski Sports, the retailer which reportedly sold the buoyancy aid his son Jerry Greer, 19, was wearing when he drowned during a boating trip last July.

In court documents obtained by editors at the website Gossip Cop, Craig, 52, alleges the life jacket was not U.S. coast guard approved and could not keep a person afloat but was “indistinguishable” to similar life vests that did have official approval.

The unapproved vests are designed for water sports like skiing and for comfort.

Jerry drowned after he was knocked unconscious when the rubber tube device he was on with a friend flipped over during the boating trip at Kentucky Lake in Humphreys County, Tennessee.

The musician’s lawsuit alleges that bosses at the retailer, “misled, created confusion and subsequently failed to adequately warn the general consuming public as to the flotation properties of the Liquid Force”.

His complaint goes on to state, “These actions and omissions were a direct, proximate and legal cause of the untimely drowning death of Jerry Greer.”

Craig and his wife Karen are claiming $20 million in compensatory damages, and $20 million in exemplary and punitive damages for the “mental anguish” caused by the fatal accident as well as compensation for the loss of their son.

The lawsuit was filed on Friday, three days before the anniversary of Jerry’s death. The teenager was declared missing after the tubing accident on 10 July last year and his body was recovered from the lake a day later.

On the anniversary of the accident Craig paid tribute to his late son by posting a picture of him on his Facebook page.

