www.celebritynetworth.com/richest-celebrities/actors/rachel-weisz-net-worth/



Rachel Weisz Net Worth

Rachel Weisz Net Worth: Rachel Weisz is an English actress and model who has a net worth of $36 million. Rachel Weisz was born in London, England, in 1970, and began studying at Trinity Hall, Cambridge. Weisz earned her English degree and appeared in several on-stage productions while in school. She began modeling when she was 14 years old, aided by her reputation as an "English rose", or an Englishwoman who is considered delicately beautiful. Weisz made her on-screen debut in 1992's TV movie "Advocates II" as Sarah Thompson. Her feature film career began with an appearance in 1994's "Death Machine", but her big break wasn't until 1996's "Chain Reaction" alongside Morgan Freeman and Keanu Reeves. She went on to appear in "Stealing Beauty", "Swept from the Sea", "My Summer with Des", "I Want You", "The Land Girls", "Sunshine", and "The Mummy" to close out the '90s. Weisz's part in "The Mummy" catapulted her to international fame and she appeared in the sequel, "The Mummy Returns", which was a box office success. Weisz then scored parts in "Enemy at the Gates", "About a Boy", "The Runaway Jury", "The Shape of Things", "Envy", and "The Constant Gardener". She earned an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Tessa Quayle in "The Constant Gardener". Soon after, she won the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year. Her other TV and film credits include "The Whistleblower", "The Simpsons", "Page Eight", "The Deep Blue Sea", "The Bourne Legacy", "Oz the Great and Powerful", and "The Lobster". The actress served as L'Oreal's global ambassador in 2010. Weisz dated filmmaker Darren Aronofsky starting in 2001, and they became engaged four years later. Weisz gave birth to their son in 2006, though they announced their separation four years later. She married English actor Daniel Craig in 2011, the same year Weisz earned her U.S. citizenship.

