www.mercurynews.com/2018/06/20/brad-pitt-wont-allow-kids-to-act-with-angelina-jolie-in-maleficent-sequel-according-to-report/

Cicero Estrella, Cicero Estrella Is The Bay Area News Group'S Entertainment, Lifestyles Producer. He Has Worked Previously As A Sports, Features, News Reporter.

Brad Pitt won’t allow kids to act with Angelina Jolie in ‘Maleficent’ sequel, according to report

The custody battle between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie is on the verge of getting ugly, and an inside source says their six kids are getting caught in the middle.

“The kids are being used as pawns,” said the source.

The latest spat, according to the Daily Mail, revolves around the former couple’s 12-year-old daughter Shiloh and 9-year-old son Knox. Jolie wanted them to appear on the “Maleficent” sequel, which she is currently filming in London. Vivienne, Knox’s twin sister, appeared in the 2014 original Disney movie.

But Pitt has shut down the latest cameo idea.

“He refuses to sign off her plan to include Shiloh and Knox in ‘Maleficent 2,'” the source said.

A family court judge recently sided with Pitt and told Jolie to allow him more visitation rights with their children or risk losing primary custody of their six children, which also includes Maddox, 16; Pax, 14; and Zahara, 13. Jolie filed for divorce in 2016.

The judge ruled that Maddox is old enough to decide how much time he wants to spend with his father. As for their other five kids, the judge determined they could be harmed by “not having a relationship with their father.”

Get more celebrity news and photos delivered to your inbox for free on weekdays.

Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here.

Pitt spent Father’s Day in London with the children.

According to Us Weekly, Pitt will “do anything to see his kids and have them in his life,” and that he is upset with Jolie for being “controlling of him through their children.”

Related Articles Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively’s slave-plantation wedding photos banned from Pinterest

Northern California native Rapinoe is SI’s Sportsperson of the Year

‘Marriage Story’ tops Golden Globe Award nominations with 6

Linda Ronstadt to Mike Pompeo: Stop ‘Enabling’ Donald Trump

Photos: Barack and Michelle Obama snag Martha’s Vineyard mansion for $11.75 million “Brad has taken the high road through all of this; he could have gone to court much sooner to ask the judge to intervene,” the source told the publication. “He was done being Mr. Nice Guy and rolled the dice.”

“The judge could have sided with Angie, but that didn’t happen,” the source added. “The judge made a thoughtful and informed decision that the children were in no danger while with Brad.”

