www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5874213/Did-Miley-Cyrus-Liam-Hemsworth-secretly-married.html

Caitlyn Hitt

Did Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth secretly get married?

Congratulations might be in order for Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth, according to new reports.

Insiders told Life & Style magazine the pair secretly web in a ‘hippie-style’ ceremony at their Malibu, California mansion.

‘They’ve actually done the deed for real this time! Miley and Liam recently had a secret wedding at her Malibu mansion,’ the source said.

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth secretly married at their home in Malibu, according to new reports

‘Neighbors had no clue it was a wedding. Kids were running around everywhere. It was a hippie-style wedding.’

The source continued: ‘She wore a white, flowey dress and all her animals were roaming around, it was crazy! The food was vegetarian and organic.’

As for their vows, the anonymous informant said: ‘They expressed their love, how they’re each other’s best friend and want to grow old together.

‘There wasn’t a dry eye in the house.’

Life & Style reported that, rather than invite someone to perform at their wedding, Miley did the honors herself. She sang a rendition of godmother Dolly Parton’s song, Islands in the Stream. Wayne Coyne of the Flaming Lips also performed a few songs.

Miley’s mother and father, Billy Ray and Trish Cyrus, were both present along with siblings Noah, Trace, Brandi, Braison and Christopher.

Liam’s famous family attended as well. According to the report, both Chris and Luke Hemsworth looked on as Miley and Liam said their 'I Dos'.

Neither Miley nor Liam have shared photos from their rumoured wedding day, but this won’t be their last opportunity.

According to the outlet, the couple plan to have another wedding ceremony in Australia so that more of Liam’s family can be involved.

As for their post wedding plans, the source said Miley and her alleged hubby have their sights set on a baby.

‘It’s been Miley’s dream to have a baby,’ they said.

Here's what you need to know.

Miley Cyrus fiance name

Miley Cyrus is engaged to Liam Hemsworth, an Australian actor who you may recognized from The Hunger Games franchise. The pair first got engaged in 2012, but called it off in 2013.

Miley and Liam quietly got back together in 2016 and the musician was photographed on several occasions wearing her engagement ring again.

She confirmed her engagement during an appearance on the Ellen DeGeneres Show after being congratulated by host Ellen DeGeneres: 'It's very weird because this is, like, real jewelry, and most of my jewelry is made out of gummy bears and cotton candy. They don't look that good together because they kind of mix up.'

Miley added: 'Sometimes I replace it with an actual unicorn or a Looney Tune, and he's kind of like, "What's going on?" And I'm like, "This isn't really my aesthetic, but I'll wear it because you love me".'

Who is Miley Cyrus married to?

Miley Cyrus is rumored to have secretly married fiance Liam Hemsworth. The ceremony reportedly took place at their Malibu home with family, friends and pets in attendance.

This isn't the first time rumors have swirled about Miley and Liam tying the knot.

In April 2017, it was reported that the couple secretly married in a private wedding at their home. Months later, NW magazine published a claim that the couple actually wed in Liam's native Australia when Miley flew there to spend New Year's Eve with her beau.

Miley Cyrus Liam Hemsworth

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth met in 2009 on the set of The Last Song. They began dating and got engaged in 2012. Two years later, Miley and Liam called it quits.

After some time apart, the couple decided to get back together in 2016. They jumped right back into being engaged and rumors have been swirling about the two tying the knot ever since.

