www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5891231/Brad-Pitt-not-relationship-Neri-Oxman-focuses-six-children-career.html

Eve Buckland, Eve Buckland For Mailonline

Brad Pitt 'not in a relationship with Neri Oxman

He was rumoured to have embarked upon a romance with MIT professor Neri Oxman, in his first serious relationship since splitting from Angelina Jolie.

But it has been claimed that Brad Pitt isn't looking to settle down anytime soon, with sources telling Entertainment Tonight the actor is not in a official relationship with Neri, 42.

The actor, 54, who shares six children with ex Angelina, is said to want to focus on fatherhood and his career.

On off? It has been claimed that Brad Pitt isn't looking to settle down anytime soon, with sources telling Entertainment Tonight the actor is not in a official relationship with Neri Oxman, 42

New flame: He was rumoured to have embarked upon a romance with MIT professor Neri, 42, in his first serious relationship since splitting from Angelina Jolie

The source told the website: 'He has gone on dates but he’s not looking to leap into a serious relationship at the moment. He is content on his own and enjoys the quality time he spends with the children when he isn’t working.

'He is focused on two of the most important things he should be focused on, and those are his children and his work. Being a father is his number one job and he knows that. He will always be there for those children.’

They added: ‘He’s spending more time out and about socialising with his close friends, but he also is still a homebody and appreciates hanging around his place.’

Massachusetts Institute Of Technology professor Neri was rumored to have started up a relationship with Brad at the beginning of the year.

Focus: The 54-year-old actor, who shares six children with ex Angelina, is said to want to focus on fatherhood and his career

The Se7en star and the 'genius' were reportedly talking 'on the phone several times a day and were very infatuated with each other,' according to US Weekly.

The source added that both have busy schedules, which will be 'a huge challenge because Neri isn't going to give up her life in Cambridge or her job at MIT for anyone, even Brad Pitt.'

The movie star lives in Los Angeles and the American-Israeli professor, designer and architect lives on the East Coast.

Their insider added that despite the long distance romance, Brad and Neri 'were going to have fun and see where it goes,' and not focus on the future.

Beauty: Massachusetts Institute Of Technology professor Neri was rumored to have started up a relationship with Brad at the beginning of the year

The actor was said to be 'absolutely smitten' by Neri, and 'glowing' when talking about her to his friends, US Weekly wrote.

Brad was previously in a relationship with Maleficent actress Angelina, 43; they were married in August 2014 but began a relationship in 2005.

The duo, who split in September 2016, have Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 12, and twins Vivienne and Knox, nine.

They are currently in the process of finalizing their divorce.

A spokesman for Angelina recently revealed that new custody terms have been agreed allowing Brad, more access to the duo's children, including a summer schedule which gives the actor substantial time with the kids while Angelina films in the UK.

Jolie has primary physical custody of their six children and has been told by a judge that she must let Pitt see the kids regularly while she films Maleficent 2 in the UK this summer.

