www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2223322/Taylor-Swift-Conor-Kennedy-split-amid-claims-singer-came-strong-obsessed-Kennedys.html

Daily Mail Reporter

Taylor Swift and Conor Kennedy split amid claims singer came on too strong and was obsessed with Kennedys

Did Taylor Swift's Kennedy obsession cause split? Conor 'freaked out as singer came on too strong'







Their summer romance lasted barely three months.

And now friends close to Taylor Swift and Conor Kennedy are blaming the split on the singer getting too serious too fast. Insiders says Taylor - who at 22 is four years older than Conor - freaked the 18-year-old by coming on too strong - and because of her apparent obsession with his famous family. Scroll down for video...



Summer romance over: Taylor Swift and Conor Kennedy have split after a three-month fling, pictured here in August in Massachusetts



'Conor's just an 18-year-old kid and wasn't ready for anything super serious,' a pal told RadarOnline.com.

'But Taylor is looking for her soulmate and it kind of freaked him out with how strong she came on,' the insider went on.

The friend also said that Taylor was obsessed with the Kennedy family - and was living out a fairytale with Conor.

'She was more obsessed with the idea of dating a Kennedy, than the actual Kennedy she was dating,' the pal added.

Earlier on Thursday Us Weekly reported the pair had split.

Although sources the website spoke to seemed to suggest their parting was rather more amicable.



Sit down chat: Taylor pre-recorded an interview with Katie Couric on Monday before news of her love split, with the interview set to air on Friday on ABC



Neighbours: Taylor is apparently still pressing ahead with plans to buy a house next to the Kennedy compound in Massachusetts



A close friend of Swift's is quoted as telling the website: 'They quietly parted ways a while ago. It was just a distance thing. No hard feelings. They're fine.'

According to the pal, Taylor has been flat out promoting her new album Red - and hasn't seen Massachusetts-based Conor for more than a month.

Her album Red was released this week to critical acclaim and huge sales, and includes her new hit track We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together.

The source added: 'It's been over a month since they've even seen each other. With her promotion for Red, she has no time off until the end of the year.'

Taylor and Connor - the son of Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. and the late Mary Kennedy - were first spotted together at the Kennedy family home in Hyannisport in July.

She is also believed to be sealing a deal to buy a $4.5m mansion next to the Kennedy compound - and plans to press ahead despite the split, according to TMZ .

Promotional blitz: The country singer is currently promoting her new album red, seen left on Tuesday in New York and, right, on Wednesday



During their short relationship Taylor ingratiated herself with the famous family, developing a particularly close bond with Conor's grandmother Ethel.

The relationship came with its fair share of drama too, though.

It thrust Conor into the spotlight again just months after his mother tragically took her own life.

Taylor was also roundly criticised over the age difference.

Then, just a few weeks into the fledging relationship, the pair hit the headlines again after Taylor was accused of 'crashing' a Kennedy wedding.

The songstress turned up (apparently uninvited) to the nuptials of Conor's first cousin Kyle - distracting attention from the bride in the process - before being asked to leave twice by the bride's angry mother, Victoria Gifford Kennedy.

Now Conor adds to the six-time Grammy winner's long list of exes, who she often uses as inspiration for her music, including her track Dear John which was seen as a very blatant attack on John Mayer.

Her other past flames include Twilight star Taylor Lautner, Jake Gyllenhaal and Cory Monteith.

Staying mum: Taylor seen in a still from a pre-recorded, upcoming interview with Ellen DeGeneres where she is quizzed about her love life

During an upcoming appearance on the Ellen DeGenres Show, Taylor is challenged to take part in a game involving her famous exes.

DeGeneres hands Taylor a bell and asks her to ring it whenever a picture of someone she has dated who inspired her song We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together flashes up on screen.

But Taylor doesn't want to play ball.



'This is the one thing that I have, the one shred of dignity that I have,' she protests, saying she rather keeps the identity of people she has dated to herself.

Ellen tries to keep the game going, as pictures from Danny DeVito, Justin Timberlake and Mayer flash up.

Taylor confirms she has not dated DeVito or Timberlake, but keeps her lips sealed on some of ther others.

'Stop it, stop it, stop!' says Swift, adding: 'This makes me feel so bad about myself. Every time I come up here you put like a different dude up on the screen.



'It just makes me really question like what I stand for as a human being. There's never been two guys on the screen two visits in a row. It's sad.'

She is also scheduled to appear on Katie Couric's ABC show on Friday, having pre-recorded the interview earlier in the week.



