pagesix.com/2018/04/11/pregnant-khloe-went-ballistic-when-she-found-out-about-tristans-cheating/

Emily Smith, April

Pregnant Khloé ‘went ballistic’ when she found out about Tristan’s cheating

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Khloé Kardashian “went ballistic” when she found out her NBA baby daddy, Tristan Thompson, had played away with an Instagram model while he was in New York last weekend with the Cleveland Cavaliers.

A source close to the Kardashian family said pregnant Khloé, who is due to give birth to their daughter any day now, “was devastated when she saw the pictures of Tristan with that girl, she went absolutely ballistic at him. She is not only hurt, she is humiliated and worried for their child. How could he do this, and so publicly, when their baby daughter could arrive within a week?”

Nine-months-pregnant Khloé had remained at home in Cleveland while Thompson, whom she has been dating since 2016, traveled to New York last weekend ahead of the Cavs’ game against the Knicks at Madison Square Garden on Monday.

But, in photos obtained by Page Six on Tuesday, the baller was seen at his five-star hotel with Bronx Instagram model Lani Blair on Saturday.

Blair, who is also said to be a strip club bartender and bottle service waitress, spent four hours at Thompson’s hotel, The Four Seasons — according to witnesses — before they headed out together to private members club Soho House in the Meatpacking District on Saturday night.

Thompson and Blair were photographed returning together to his hotel at 5 a.m. Sunday. Blair was seen emerging hours later, at 8 p.m. Sunday, wearing the same clothes she’d had on the night before and clutching an overnight bag.

Online video also circulated of Thompson and Blair apparently kissing at a daytime party earlier Saturday at NYC rooftop hotspot PH-D. A source added to Page Six, “Apparently Tristan and Lani spent a lot of time together over the weekend.”

The Kardashian family has remained unusually silent on social media since the scandal broke on Tuesday, and their reps have not responded to requests for comment. Khloé’s personal rep has also not commented.

But a family source said that the Kardashians were not completely surprised by Thompson’s antics. “The truth is that he has a bad reputation, they had warned Khloé about him, he’s done this before. But she didn’t want to hear it, she loves him.”

Thompson already has a child, a son, with his ex Jordan Craig, who was born after he started dating Khloé.

Khloé had posted a touching photo of her and the NBA star kissing on Monday with the sweet caption to their baby, “We are ready whenever you are little mama.” The photo, along with other loving shots of her and Thompson, remained up on her Instagram page as of Wednesday.

Thompson is now back in Cleveland — and was believed to have been at home Tuesday when pictures emerged of him and the Instagram model — where the Cavaliers will face the Knicks again Wednesday night in the final game of the season.

Reps for the Cavaliers have not commented on behalf of Thompson, whose cheating sparked a massive backlash on social media.

