www.aol.com/article/entertainment/2018/04/30/pamela-anderson-and-julian-assange-details-emerge-on-their-unlikely-relationship/23423874/

Aol Staff, Gibson Johns

Pamela Anderson and Julian Assange: Details emerge on their unlikely relationship

What's going on between Pamela Anderson and WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange?

The former "Baywatch" actress has frequently been photographed visiting Assange at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, where he's been living in exile since 2012 in an effort to avoid bail violation charges in the UK and extradition to the US, where he's wanted to leaking classified documents.

At the end of March, the embassy revealed that it had revoked Assange's visitor privileges and access to the internet because he went against "a written [agreement] not to issue messages that might interfere with other states."

Reacting to the news, Anderson released a statement to the New York Post expressing her disapproval of the embassy's latest move.

SEE ALSO: Vanessa Trump 'went gangster' on Aubrey O'Day after learning about alleged Donald Trump Jr. affair: Report

"I'm deeply concerned about his health and well-being," the actress said. "His human rights have been abused before without sunlight, but this is extraordinary. Incommunicado. No visitors. No internet. No phone calls. No access to outside world. This is torture -- a slow, painful death [at] the hands of the US [and] UK. I feel for Ecuador. They have received so much pressure."

See photos of the glamorous ensembles Pamela Anderson has worn to visit Julian Assange:



15 PHOTOS Pamela Anderson visiting Julian Assange in glamorous outfits See Gallery Pamela Anderson visiting Julian Assange in glamorous outfits LONDON, ENGLAND - JANUARY 22: Pamela Anderson seen at the Embassy of Ecuador to take a vegan lunch to her friend Julian Assange on January 22, 2018 in London, England. (Photo by Neil Mockford/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - DECEMBER 05: Pamela Anderson seen leaving the Ecuadorian Embassy after visiting her friend Julian Assange on December 5, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Neil Mockford/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - OCTOBER 26: Pamela Anderson seen at the Ecuadorian Embassy visiting her friend Julian Assange on October 26, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Neil Mockford/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - JULY 06: Pamela Anderson seen taking a vegan lunch to her friend Julian Assange at the Ecuadorian Embassy on July 6, 2017 in London, England. Pamela was in St Tropez earlier this week opening up her new vegan restaurant, 'La Table du Marche by Pamela'. (Photo by Neil Mockford/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - SEPTEMBER 19: *EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS* Pamela Anderson seen visiting her friend Julian Assange at the Ecuadorian Embassy on September 19, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Neil Mockford/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - JUNE 15: Pamela Anderson seen at the Ecuadorian Embassy visiting her friend Julian Assange on June 15, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Neil Mockford/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - MAY 02: Pamela Anderson seen arriving at the Ecuadorian Embassy to visit Julian Assange on May 2, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Ricky Vigil/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - MARCH 30: Pamela Anderson seen arriving at the Ecuadorian Embassy to visit her friend Julian Assange on March 30, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Neil Mockford/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - MARCH 09: Pamela Anderson seen arriving at the Ecuadorian Embassy after Nightly Show to visit Julian Assange on March 9, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Ricky Vigil/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - FEBRUARY 07: Pamela Anderson seen at the Ecuadorian Embassy taking vegan cheeseburgers to Julian Assange on February 7, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Neil Mockford/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - JANUARY 21: Pamela Anderson seen arriving at the Ecuadorian Embassy to visit her friend Julian Assange on January 21, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Neil Mockford/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - DECEMBER 07: Pamela Anderson seen at the Ecuadorian Embassy visiting her friend Julian Assange on December 7, 2016 in London, England. (Photo by Mark Milan/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - DECEMBER 12: Pamela Anderson seen at the Ecuadorian Embassy visiting her friend Julian Assange on December 12, 2016 in London, England. (Photo by Neil Mockford/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - NOVEMBER 13: Pamela Anderson is seen at the Ecuadorian Embassy showing support for Julian Assange by bringing him a healthy vegan breakfast on November 13, 2016 in London, England. (Photo by Danny Martindale/GC Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - OCTOBER 15: Pamela Anderson delivers lunch to Julian Assange at Embassy of Ecuador on October 15, 2016 in London, England. (Photo by Ben A. Pruchnie/Getty Images) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE

"Ecuador promised to protect him against political persecution, not just protect him against a death penalty," she continued. "He must be protected. We are all Julian Assange."

With her visits to Assange suddenly halted, Anderson is once again drumming up speculation around the nature of her relationship with the controversial figure. Though the actress has been dating 32-year-old soccer star Adil Rami since 2017, it's unclear whether or not that romance is exclusive.

"I don't want to say anything about whether there's a romance," Anderson once told Grazia of her relationship with Assange. "So, let's say we're just 'good friends.'"

Sources close to the WikiLeaks founder say that he has a "deep crush" on the actress because "she's just out of reach."

"Julian has a thing for blondes and he's always been quite the womanizer," a source told Page Six. "But Pam's much more intelligent than most women with that kind of look -- she's no bimbo."

Assange has reportedly "had a lot of so-called 'girlfriends' visit him there before Pam," but "they were the kind of groupies who fall for men in prison."

Though neither has done much to quell rumors of a romance between them, sources familiar with the "Baywatch" actress question her motives in getting involved with Assange and her highly-photographed visits to see him.

"Pam thrives on attention from famous men, and she thrives on press," one source said. "It's no accident she shows up to the embassy in those sexy outfits. They are all very contrived."

Indeed, the outfits that Anderson has worn to visit Assange at the Ecuadorian embassy are always glamorous, often skin-baring and definitely thought-out. The paparazzi are frequently already there catching her enter and exit the property, often carrying bags full of food.

See photos of Julian Assange:



14 PHOTOS Julian Assange See Gallery Julian Assange WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange makes a speech from the balcony of the Ecuadorian Embassy, in central London, Britain February 5, 2016. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls/Files A supporter of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange holds a banner outside the Ecuadorian embassy in London as he marks three years since Assange claimed asylum in the embassy on June 19, 2015. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange clocks up three years inside the Ecuadoran embassy in London today, after claiming that Swedish prosecutors cancelled a landmark meeting in his case earlier this week. AFP PHOTO / JUSTIN TALLIS (Photo credit should read JUSTIN TALLIS/AFP/Getty Images) A supporter of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange holds banners outside the Ecuadorian embassy in London as he marks three years since Assange claimed asylum in the embassy on June 19, 2015. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange clocks up three years inside the Ecuadoran embassy in London today, after claiming that Swedish prosecutors cancelled a landmark meeting in his case earlier this week. AFP PHOTO / JUSTIN TALLIS (Photo credit should read JUSTIN TALLIS/AFP/Getty Images) Julian Assange, Founder and Editor-in-Chief of WikiLeaks speaks via video link during a press conference on the occasion of the ten year anniversary celebration of WikiLeaks in Berlin, Germany, October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Axel Schmidt TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange appears on screen via video link during his participation as a guest panelist in an International Seminar on the 60th anniversary of the college of Journalists of Chile in Santiago, Chile, July 12, 2016. REUTERS/Rodrigo Garrido File photo dated 05/02/16 of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who will publish more confidential documents on the US Central Intelligence Agency once a "key attack code" has been disarmed, he has revealed. File photo dated 5/2/2016 of Julian Assange who has defended the release of emails by WikiLeaks about US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange speaking from the balcony of the Ecuadorian Embassy in London where he has been living for more than three years after the country granted him political asylum. BERLIN, GERMANY - OCTOBER 4: WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange participates via video link at a news conference marking the 10th anniversary of the secrecy-spilling group in Berlin, Germany on October 4, 2016. (Photo by Maurizio Gambarini/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) The Spanish journalist Ignacio Ramonet presents in Quito, Ecuador, on June 23, 2016 the Ecuador 's book " When Google found Wikileaks". Julian Assange made his appearance to the world in 2010 with the publication by WikiLeaks of thousands of secret documents revealing conspiracies , corruption, crimes , lies, and incriminate several governments and particularly the United States as the main actor illegalities. (Photo by Rafael Rodrï¿½uez/ACGPHOTO/NurPhoto via Getty Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - FEBRUARY 05: Wikileaks founder Julian Assange prepares to speak from the balcony of the Ecuadorian embassy where he continues to seek asylum following an extradition request from Sweden in 2012, on February 5, 2016 in London, England. The United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention has insisted that Mr Assange's detention should be brought to an end. (Photo by Carl Court/Getty Images) LONDON, ENGLAND - FEBRUARY 05: A panel of WikiLeaks representitives and press look on as WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange speaks at a press conference at the Frontline Club via video link from the Ecuadorian Embassy in London on 5 February 2016 in London, England. Mr Assange's speech comes a day after it was announced that the UN panel ruled he was being unlawfully detained at the Ecuadorian Embassy. (Photo by Chris Ratcliffe/Getty Images) Australian founder of whistleblowing website, 'WikiLeaks', Julian Assange speaks to media after giving a press conference in London on July 26, 2010. The founder of a website which published tens of thousands of leaked military files about the war in Afghanistan said Monday they showed that the 'course of the war needs to change'. In all, some 92,000 documents dating back to 2004 were released by the whistleblowers' website Wikileaks to the New York Times, Britain's Guardian newspaper, and Germany's Der Spiegel news weekly. Assange also used a press conference in London to dismiss the White House's furious reaction to the disclosures. AFP PHOTO/Leon Neal (Photo credit should read LEON NEAL/AFP/Getty Images) MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA - MAY 21: (AUSTRALIA OUT) Wikileaks founder Julian Assange poses during a portrait shoot on May 21, 2010 in Melbourne, Australia. (Photo by Mark Chew/Fairfax Media/Fairfax Media via Getty Images). Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE

"She needs to stay in the public eye," another source added. "She doesn't have enough money to be a full-time philanthropist. [...] It's not like she's on TV or movies recently. And she's got expensive taste. That look doesn't come cheap at age 50."

Designer Vivienne Westwood reportedly first introduced the unlikely pair back in 2014, after having been a fan and friend to both. (Westwood regularly visited Assange at the embassy before the visitor ban. Other past visitors have included Lady Gaga, Maggie Gyllenhall and John Cusack.)

"She loves Pam and knew they'd have mutual interests," a former employee of the designer told Page Six. "She didn't introduce them as a proper setup. But Viv does fantasize that he and Pam would really be together. She thinks that together they would change the world."

More from AOL.com:

Doria Ragland: 7 things to know about Meghan Markle’s mother

Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban show PDA and more -- see all the stars at Stagecoach!

Luann de Lesseps threatens to kill police in video from December arrest

