www.christianpost.com/news/brad-pitt-and-sandra-bullock-dating-rumors-is-george-clooney-matchmaking-the-next-major-hollywood-pair-178784/



Brad Pitt and Sandra Bullock Dating Rumors: Is George Clooney Matchmaking the Pair?

Brad Pitt and Sandra Bullock Dating Rumors: Is George Clooney Matchmaking the Pair?

Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin

Rumors are rife that Hollywood superstars Brad Pitt and Sandra Bullock might be dating and that the budding relationship, if true, was nudged at by another big star and close friend to the two, George Clooney.

Months after the controversial separation that led to Angelina Jolie filing for divorce from Pitt, reports are swirling around that Pitt might just be on the road of moving on with the help of the "Ocean's Eight" actress.

Back in September 2016, fans of Pitt and Jolie were deeply shocked after both camps confirmed that their marriage is not working anymore, thus the need for divorce due to "irreconcilable differences." Pitt and Jolie have been known as one of the most adored couples in Hollywood. They have been married since 2014 and have six children.

This month, the Australian paper New Idea claims that Pitt and Bullock have been "discreetly" going out in "secret dates and private phone calls" and the report maintains that the two are "taking things 'to the next level.'"

"They've always moved in the same crowd but the timing has been wrong – either he's been with someone, or she has. But now they're finally free to take their chemistry to the next level," New Idea's unnamed source added.

The same New Idea report was also the one to spill that "insiders confirm" Clooney built up the grounds for Pitt and Bullock to start dating.

However, a recent report from PEOPLE magazine refutes the claims that Pitt is dating anybody. According to the publication, Pitt is savoring every moment of his single life and is not rushing to look for a new love.

On the other hand, PEOPLE's source shares that while Pitt is not dating anyone, the "Allied" actor has finally found the time to welcome back old friends to his life, which is one of the factors that have been helping him move on from the recent failed marriage with Jolie.

Aside from spending time with old friends and his kids, Pitt reportedly developed an affinity for sculpture while working on a lineup of movies which he will either star in or produce, PEOPLE adds.

