www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2854804/No-puppy-love-Justin-Bieber-abandons-pooch-Karma-not-picking-dog-trainer-February.html

Lucy Mapstone For Mailonline

Justin Bieber 'abandons' dog Karma with dog trainer since February

Justin Bieber is reported to have 'abandoned' his third pet, an adorable puppy called Karma.

According to The Sun, the 20-year-old pop star left his American bulldog pup with a dog trainer back in February... and hasn't been back for her since.

Speaking to the paper, trainer Trevor Dvernichuk revealed he had been left with the pooch for months.

Scroll down for video

Is that good Karma? Justin Bieber is said to have left behind his American bulldog puppy Karma with a dog trainer in Canada... and hasn't picked her up since February

'This is like taking your kid to school and not picking it back up,' he said.

Bieber's father Jeremy had originally asked Dvernichuk, of Ontario, Canada, to look after Karma for a few weeks and get her trained before taking her to America.

However, the singer has failed to return to get the dog and is said to have not responded to calls to take her back.

He also claimed that the singer has not paid for Karma's upkeep.

Adorable: Karma the puppy - who was named by one of his fans - came into Bieber's life last Christmas

In September, the dog trainer took to his Facebook page, writing: 'Karma is gonna bite you in your ass biebers.'

He posted his comment along with a YouTube video news report about the singer getting his dog back in December 2013.

He later added on his Facebook page: 'More pictures of Karma' up to date pictures...the best behaved American bulldog i've ever had the honor to train...but its time for her to go.'

The Baby hitmaker first got his puppy back at the end of last year for Christmas, picking her up from Ruffin's Pet Centre in Stratford, Ontario.

His dad then asked Bieber's army of fans to come up with a name for her, and they soon settled on Karma.

At the time, Bieber Senior wrote on Twitter: 'So we're gonna let one lucky #belieber name @justinbieber's new puppy.... Follow and find out how it can be you).'

BFFs: Bieber and Mally appeared to be best pals for a while, but Justin soon grew tired of the monkey

He later updated his page with the winner, writing: 'so we have got a name selected for the newest Bieber. Big thanks to @justinfredos the Belieber who chose it ".Karma" (sic).'

This isn't the first pet that the international superstar has left behind after a brief period of time.

In December 2012, he gave away his pet hamster, Pac, to a random screaming fan at a Jingle Ball concert, making her promise she would 'take care of him'.

Sadly the teenage super-fan didn't turn out to be a very good surrogate parent to Pac, and he went to 'little hamster heaven,' in March 2013.

In June last year, Bieber's Capuchin monkey was seized by German customs officials after the singer brought it on tour to Munich with him without the right vaccination and import paperwork.

He had the opportunity to retrieve 20-month old Mally, but failed to collect him on time and missed a deadline to send the documents, according to customs spokesman Thomas Meister.

Ownership of the animal was then transferred to Germany and he was taken first to a Munich animal shelter and now lives in Serengeti Park near Hanover, which later billed Biebs $8,000 to cover vaccinations, accommodation and transport.

The Munich shelter has previously criticised Bieber for keeping such a young monkey as a pet, saying it shouldn't have been taken away from its mother until it was a year old. Experts say Capuchins also need to be kept in groups, not alone.

A representative for Justin Bieber declined to comment on the matter after being approached.

