www.dailystar.co.uk/news/latest-news/700806/royal-wedding-2018-prince-harry-meghan-markle-cold-feet

Image, Wireimage, Getty

Prince Harry gets 'cold feet' before Royal Wedding to Meghan Markle

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: WIREIMAGE)

But there’s no need for Meghan Markle to worry because the popular Prince Harry isn’t having second thoughts - he has undergone cryotherapy in the weeks leading up to the Royal Wedding.

The procedure plunges users into drastic temperatures of -85C for three minutes.

Cryotherapy is widely used to relieve muscle pain, sprains and swelling either via soft tissue damage or post-operative swelling.

It is also claimed to make you feel happier and rejuvenated while helping you to feel stronger and leaving your skin glowing.

The treatment, popular amongst A-listers and sports stars including James Bond actor Daniel Craig and football ace Cristiano Ronaldo, can also reduce white fat cells, reduce stress and help users sleep.

All useful for a nervous Harry, 33, as pressure mounts ahead of his big wedding day.

Harry is having the treatment at the plush £600-per-month Chelsea gym.

Our source said: “Harry is a regular at the gym, he’s discreet and incognito and the only thing that gives his presence away is the huge burly bodyguards who flank him and follow every move.

“Other than that you’ll find him just getting on with it. He’s in and out without any fuss whatsoever.”

(Image: GETTY)

Not to be out done Harry’s bride-to-be is also rumoured to be a fan of ‘freezing facials’.

Meghan is a customer of skin care guru Nicholas Joss who recently launched a bespoke £120 facial.

The Cowshed facial includes the cost of an add-on treatment, including a lymphatic drainage using ice-cold facial rollers, a hydrating gel sheet-mask to plump the skin and a skin-smoothing enzyme peel.

Harry who is now sixth in line to the throne, will marry the US actress on Saturday, May 19.

Millions of people will watch the historic event from around the world.

Guests expected to be there include Elton John, Serena Williams and Victoria and David Beckham.

But the happy day has been clouded in controversy after Megan’s estranged half-brother Thomas Markle Jr warned the Prince not to marry his sister.

In an open letter he claimed Megan, 36, was a “jaded, shallow, conceited woman that will make a joke of you and the royal family heritage.”

