www.ibtimes.com/queen-elizabeth-didnt-blast-meghan-markle-diva-behavior-report-says-2701533



Queen Elizabeth Didn't Blast Meghan Markle For 'Diva Behavior,' Report Says

Queen Elizabeth II didn't blast Meghan Markle for exhibiting "diva behavior"

According to Gossip Cop, there is no truth to reports claiming that the Queen "blasted" the Duchess of Sussex for acting like a diva. In fact, the two have a great relationship.

"She has developed an increasingly close, warm relationship with [both] the queen and her father-in-law, Prince Charles," the insider said. "She wants to please them and is doing whatever she can to educate herself to make sure she doesn't put a foot wrong."

This news comes after the National Enquirer reported that the "British monarchy is open to modernizing." However, Markle's "tacky Hollywood-princess style is not what the royal family had in mind."

The tabloid alleged that Markle's diva behavior has gotten under everyone's skin. The unidentified source said that the Queen has "told Prince Harry to give his bossy bride a 'shape up or else' ultimatum because she's wrecked his credibility."

The insider added that the Queen called Markle to her chambers and reprimanded her about her fashion. Queen Elizabeth reportedly told the new duchess to dress down because she's not starring in a reality TV show but is representing the world's most prestigious family.

The Queen wants Markle to "change her ways immediately." Due to the said incidents, the Duchess of Sussex reportedly earned the nickname "Meghan the Menace."

Sally Osman, the director of royal communication was reportedly the first casualty of Markle's diva behavior. But Gossip Cop said that it was not true. The former "Suits" star moved to London last year, but it was only a week ago that Osman and another palace aide resigned. Also, Osman was not fired, she resigned

Despite the report, the Queen and the Duchess of Sussex get along very well. In fact, the monarch has given Markle privileges that Kate Middleton didn't receive. For instance, Her Majesty invited Markle to visit Cheshire using her personal train. Only the senior royals have used the said transportation. In fact, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince Harry haven't used it.

Also, Queen Elizabeth II invited the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to the Queen's Young Leaders Awards ceremony. A number of royals were invited to the event since it started in 2014, but Middleton had never been to it.

