www.celebritynetworth.com/richest-businessmen/lawyers/amal-clooney-net-worth/



Amal Clooney Net Worth

Amal Alamuddin Net Worth: Amal Alamuddin is a London-based British-Lebanese lawyer, activist and author who has a net worth of $20 million. Amal Alamuddin was born February 3, 1978 in Beirut, Lebanon. While she has been a barrister at Doughty Street Chambers, specializes in international law, criminal law, human rights and extradition and her clients include the likes of Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks (in his fight against extradition), she is probably best known as the recent wife (2014) of famed American actor George Clooney —a proclaimed 'confirmed bachelor' until meeting Miss Alamuddin. Amal Alamuddin is the daughter of Ramzi Alamuddin, a retired professor of business studies at the American University of Beirut and she is the descendent of a prominent Lebanese Druze family. Alamuddin studied at St. Hugh's College, Oxford, where she received an Exhibition scholarship and the Shrigley Award. In 2000, she graduated with a B.A. in Jurisprudence (Oxford's equivalent to the LLB) from St. Hugh's College, Oxford. The following year, she entered New York University School of Law to study for the Master of Laws degree, where she was a clerk for the clerkships program at the International Court of Justice. She received the Jack J. Katz Memorial Award for excellence in entertainment law. Alamuddin worked at Sullivan & Cromwell in New York City for three years as part of the Criminal Defense and Investigations Group, which included the criminal probe of Enron and Arthur Andersen. She worked in the Office of the Prosecutor at the U.N. Special Tribunal for Lebanon and at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia where she was a part of several high profile cases. Alamuddin returned to the U.K. in 2010, where she is a barrister in London (Bar of England & Wales, Inner Temple) at Doughty Street Chambers. Alamuddin is fluent in Arabic, English and French.

