www.goodhousekeeping.com/life/entertainment/a20978647/sandra-bullock-net-worth/

Amanda Garrity, Associate Lifestyle Editor, As The Associate Lifestyle Editor For Goodhousekeeping.Com, Amanda Oversees Gift Guides, Covers Home, Holidays, Food, Other Lifestyle News.

What Is Sandra Bullock's Net Worth?

Sandra Bullock is a true A-list celeb: She considers George Clooney a close pal, has an Oscar on display in her Beverly Hills mansion, and even hangs with Meryl Streep on the regular. But beyond her celebrity status, Sandra a.k.a. Sandy has earned a luxe living thanks to leading roles in Miss Congeniality, Gravity, and her latest release, Oceans 8.

Due to her 30-year career as an actor and producer, Sandra has a net worth of $200 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth. Throughout her career, she has been named one of Forbes' Highest Paid Actresses, eventually topping the list in 2014.

Her roles in , , , , and brought in big bucks (along with an Oscar win). But she's also earned major money offscreen as a producer. Her production company, Fortis Films, has made 19 movies and scored a massive syndication deal from George Lopez, a wildly popular sitcom that made George a household name. To date, her work — as both an actor and producer — have earned a mere $5 billion.

Getty Images

Gravity, her sci-fi flick with BFF George, is her biggest box office hit, raking in $723 million worldwide. The actress signed a deal that guaranteed her $20 million and 15% of Gravity's box office and merchandise earnings, totaling $70 million.

FROM. ONE. MOVIE.

Yet still this famous "girl next door" is as humble as it gets. How Sandy, how?! Following her public divorce from Jesse James in 2010, the actress took a step away from the spotlight to raise her two children. She adopted Louis in 2010 and Laila in 2015.

Beyond her production work and philanthropy, the 53-year-old invests her money in massive homes (eh, mansions) across the country. She owns two in the Los Angeles area — one 3,500-square-foot home on the Sunset strip and another $16 million Beverly Hills mansion. In 2017, she began renting out the 3-bedroom house on the Sunset strip for $15,000 a month. We see what you're doing, Sandy!

She also owns a 6,000-square-foot Victorian-style home in New Orleans, the birthplace of her children. Plus, she sold two homes after her divorce to James and used that hard earned money to splash out on her new digs.

She performs onstage at Nashville Rising, a benefit concert for flood relief at Bridgestone Arena in 2010. Getty Images

Most importantly, the star uses her money for good. She's been a public supporter of many natural disasters including last year's devastating Hurricane Harvey. It's reported that she has donated $1 million to the American Red Cross on at least five different occasions. Her selfless heart hasn't gone unnoticed: She was awarded the Favorite Humanitarian Award at the People's Choice Awards in 2013 for her work to restore schools in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina.

She does it all — and she has the bank account to show for it. We suspect she has another moneymaker on her hands with Ocean's 8.

