www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5698465/Madonna-snacks-getting-glammed-ahead-Met-Gala.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Met Gala 2018: Madonna snacks while getting glammed up

She is gearing up for this year's Met Gala.

And Madonna gave fans an inside look at her preparations on Sunday night just one day ahead of the annual fashion event.

The 59-year-old shared a video of herself behind the scenes as her glam squad teased her hair and did her makeup.

Scroll down for video...

Getting Met Gala ready! Madonna gave fans an inside look at her preparations on Sunday night just one day ahead of the annual fashion event

During the long process, which she showed as a time lapse video, she could be seen snacking and drinking.

The queen of pop captioned the Instagram post: 'Even Queens need to eat #metgala #magic #heavenly.'

The day before Madonna kept a low profile as she made her way through the NYC streets, clad in head-to-toe black.

Getting the look right! The 59-year-old shared a video of herself behind the scenes as her glam squad teased her hair and did her makeup

A girl's gotta eat! During the long process, which she showed as a time lapse video, she could be seen snacking and drinking

The 59-year-old, who currently lives in Portugal, has been in the city since Tuesday.

The Michigan-born singer paired a large, comfortable sweater with a set of cropped, black denim.

The mother-of-six kept comfortable in a pair of socks and bedazzled slides.

Madonna accessorized with a wide brim hat, a necklaces, shades and a cape-like piece around her neck.

The queen of pop captioned the Instagram post: 'Even Queens need to eat #metgala #magic #heavenly'

Attempting to blend in? On Saturday, Madonna, 59, kept a low profile as she made her way through the NYC streets

That same day, Madonna took to Instagram to tease her Met costume.

The photo showed a glimpse of a corset, which looked to be either white or cream.

'God Is In the Details ............#metgala #magic #love #heavenlybodies,' she wrote.

'#heavenlybodies': That same day, Madonna took to Instagram to tease her Met costume. The photo showed a glimpse of a corset, which looked to be either white or cream

The theme of this year's gala is, Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination, and with such a title Madonna herself is sure to prove inspiration to many.

The gala will take place at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

'This year, the exhibit will be housed in the Anna Wintour Costume Center and the medieval galleries at the museum’s main location; some of the exhibit will also be housed in at the Met’s Cloisters location, uptown,' says Time.

The theme, which will be controversial for many of faith, has been approved by the Catholic church, who are donating over 40 items from the Vatican.

