www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2738327/Orlando-Bloom-fans-pay-450-gain-exclusive-access-actor.html

Bianca Soldani For Daily Mail Australia

Orlando Bloom fans can pay $450 to gain exclusive access to the actor

The Lord Of The Rings star Orlando Bloom was announced as the headline act for Oz Comic-Con.

And now organisers are offering the more die-hard of his fans the opportunity to get up close and personal with the star in exchange for a fee.

However breathing the same air as Orlando doesn't come cheap - it cost's $700 to ensure a more intimate experience with the actor.

Those wanting to part with their money will get in exchange for handing over cold hard cash one autograph from the star, and one professional photograph.

Scroll down for video

The 'Orlando experience': Fans of Orlando Bloom are able to purchase tickets to get up close and personal with the actor at the Oz Comic-Con next month

They also get reserved seating for the Orlando Bloom Experience panel - which will ensure they can listen to his wise words in a hosted talk.

To remember their time with the Pirates of the Caribbean star, they get to take home an Oz Comic-Con DVD.

There is also no need to hang around with the riff raff - by paying top dollar to rub shoulders with the celebrity, priority queuing for those all important pictures and autographs with the man himself is also included.

And most importantly there is access to a meet and greet with the 37-year-old at 'a relaxed catered event.'

The entrance fee to the event is also included in the price.

Tickets for the 'Orlando Bloom experience' are now available for purchase - the Hollywood hunk who is a huge draw card at the pop-culture convention which usually features lesser-known and veteran performers.

Bloom will touchdown in Brisbane next month for shows in early September, before heading to Sydney with the convention.

It will be the first time he returns to Australia following the breakdown of his marriage with local beauty Miranda Kerr.

Glamour pair: The visit will be the first time the British star returns to Australia following his split with wife Miranda Kerr

The British actor is most famous for his breakout role as Elvin warrior Legolas in Peter Jackson's Oscar-winning Lord Of The Rings franchise.

He also returned for the prequel trilogy of Hobbit films, with the final installment - Battle Of Five Armies - set to hit cinemas in December.

He also had major roles in Ned Kelly and Troy, but his film career has wound down of late.

Bloom has been focusing on theatre, taking to the stage as romantic hero Romeo in a recreation of the Shakespeare classic Romeo And Juliet on Broadway.

Oz Comic Con will also be attended by the likes of Buffy The Vampire Slayer star Nicholas Brendan, Game Of Thrones actor Jason Momoa and X-Men and Twilight name Booboo Stewart.

