www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/meghan-markle-instagram-deleted-photos-11299580

Nicola Oakley, Image, Internet Unknown, Meghan Markle, Instagram, Instagram Meghanmarkle, Meghanmarkle Instagram, Jessicamulroney Instagram

the intimate snaps from her life before Prince Harry

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest Royal Family stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Meghan Markle has achieved every little girl's dream and bagged herself a real prince, having married Prince Harry in May.

But apart from being happy for her, the actress' millions of fans might be a bit disappointed she's now a member of the Royal Family.

Why? Because her social feeds got a little bit, well, boring last year - before disappearing altogether.

Meghan's Instagram page has now been deleted, but if you visited back in 2017 when the couple got engaged, you wouldn't find any posts from April onwards.

However, Meghan's insta used to be filled with pictures of a fun-loving young woman - just like anyone else her age - and gave an intimate glimpse into her world.

(Image: Internet Unknown) (Image: Internet Unknown)

(Image: Meghan Markle /Instagram)

Snaps from holidays, pictures with friends and photos of her dog - along with selfies from her bed where she sits scantily-clad - feature heavily.

It's fair to say she wouldn't dream of posting pics of her girls' holiday to Ibiza now she's in Kensington Palace.

Indeed, she now has to follow etiquette suitable for a member of the royal family - and is even scrutinised when she places her legs the 'incorrect' way while sitting down.

(Image: Meghan Markle /Instagram) (Image: Instagram/meghanmarkle)

Meghan has also swapped her bikinis for fancy hats when in the public eye.

But before she met Harry, her pics were just like those of any other young woman.

(Image: meghanmarkle/instagram)

(Image: jessicamulroney/Instagram)

Can you imagine Kate Middleton having an Instagram account where she posts photos of her wine or videos where she sucks raspberries off her fingers?

Well, maybe she should!

(Image: Internet Unknown) (Image: Internet Unknown)

Meghan, whose real name is actually Rachel, was given the rank of princess when she tied the knot with Harry.

Despite this, she is not known as 'Princess Meghan' - or, indeed, Princess Rachel - as only women born into the Royal Family inherit this title.

Instead, she is known as Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Sussex.

(Image: MeghanMarkle/Instagram)

.

(Image: MeghanMarkle/Instagram)

The actress, turning 37 on August 4, entered a life of scrutiny when she joined the royal family and therefore was always going to become much more private.

And although we wish she'd kept her Instagram page - it's actually refreshing to see the vibrant personality of a royal family member - it makes sense she has deleted it.

A version of this article appeared in November 2017.

