https://web.archive.org/web/20180131234313/http://www.msn.com/en-us/movies/celebrity/tom-cruise-not-quitting-scientology-for-daughter-suri-despite-report/ar-BBIwdUO



Tom Cruise NOT Quitting Scientology For Daughter Suri, Despite Report

© (Star Max via AP Images) Tom Cruise, Katie Holmes and Suri depart New York's Il Cantinori in 2011. Tom Cruise is not quitting Scientology to reunite with his estranged daughter Suri Cruise, despite an inaccurate tabloid report. Gossip Cop can exclusively correct this story. We’re told it’s not true.

Cruise hasn’t been seen with his 11-year-old daughter in more than four years, but according to the latest cover of Star, the actor is ready to cut ties with his religion in order to repair their relationship. A supposed “source” tells the magazine, “If he wants her back, he’ll have to walk away from the church, which has been a huge part of his life, to say the least. Leaving Scientology would be the toughest decision he’ll ever have to make.” © (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) Tom Cruise attends a special screening of "The Mummy" at AMC Loews Lincoln Square on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, in New York.

The outlet’s questionable insider goes on to say that Cruise is nervous about defecting from the organization because he fears they’ll set out to destroy him. “If Scientology declared open season on Tom, they could bury him, since they’ve probably got all sorts of dirt on him from his audition sessions,” says the alleged source. © Gossip Cop (Star)

“It’s an unspoken threat, but Tom has to be aware that the church would do everything in its power to keep him from leaving,” adds the suspicious source, who further contends that in order to leave the religion without repercussions, Cruise may try to cut a deal “where he would be left in peace as long as he doesn’t speak out against Scientology. That way, both sides win.”

But Gossip Cop checked in with a source close to the situation, who exclusively assures us that the movie star has no plans to quit the church. Cruise, who’s been a committed member of Scientology for more than 30 years, recently described it as a “beautiful religion.” He added, “Without it, I wouldn’t be where I am. I’m incredibly proud.”

It’s also worth noting, Star has published several false stories about Cruise’s complicated relationship with his daughter. Gossip Cop has previously busted the tabloid for falsely claiming that the young girl has made secret phone calls to her dad behind Katie Holmes’ back. We also shot down a phony story about Suri begging her dad via Skype to spend time with her. This latest article on the subject is similarly fabricated.

For more tabloid tales debunked, click on: Debunking the week's tabloid stories: Jan. 26, 2018

