discussion.femalefirst.co.uk/viewtopic.php?t=737602



Female First Forum

Postby Guest » Fri Aug 25, 2017 9:04 pm

V.A.J. wrote: I think it ENTIRELY possible the ho is "cash-strapped". Why come out with a story about it if everyone is so sure she's sitting on a pile o' cash already? Weren't we told she's supposedly worth "200 mil" or some such inexplicably high figure?? Now we are hearing "The ho is 'cash-strapped' " stories! Funny, that! I would tend to believe THEM more than I would any of that hype about her "mega-net worth" that we have repeatedly been hearing about, despite her ongoing state of UNEMPLOYMENT for YEARS now! The fact that she's kissing up to DADDY would tend to support this notion!

We've always said she was cash strapped. Jolie turned in the same salary for three years in a row for Salt to Forbes.when that was the only film she'd done in that time period. Her estimated salaries were always inflated also by Jolie and her loonies to try to keep her on top of the pay scale in some insane competition with every other actress in Hollywood. Other films that she did, those Oscar bait indies, barely made back their production and promotion. That film with Damon, the one that Eastwood directed. Salt was a disappointment, as was The Tourist and Disney said they were disappointed in Maleficent. One does not keep getting top salary for disappointments despite what Jolie lied about to Forbes during the last twelve years. One also does not keep getting top value either when chasing the paparazzi route for income. Those deals (her own private pap) smelled of desperation and brought down the price too. Jolie finally had to open her own fan site to post those exclusive pictures that no one else would pay for on their celeb gossip sitesall to keep the few remaining old loonies happy.Despite Jolie's declarations of income and the loonies posting those exaggerations all over the net, Hollywood is a Business. They want to make money for Themselves, and if the product isn't breaking even time and again, the stars are not gifted with large salaries in the amounts making more than the studios.

