revolt.tv/stories/2017/08/14/celebrities-react-white-nationalists-rally-charlottesville-va-07007a3eab

Revolt Tv, Tamantha Gunn, Aug

Celebrities react to white nationalists rally in Charlottesville, Va.

by Patricia Nicolas

The fatal "Unite The Right" rally on Saturday (Aug. 12) in Charlottesville, Va. left three people dead (one counter protester, and two state troopers in a helicopter crash) and dozens injured. Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency as the violence from the white nationalists' gathering erupted in the small college town.

Meanwhile, we've seen people from all different walks of life stand in solidarity in the aftermath of the violence and outright (alt right) hate. From high ranking politicians from both the Republican and Democratic parties, to citizens all across the country who took to the streets to protest, to various celebrities who took to social media, they all had one common message: white supremacy has no place in the United States of America. Check out some of the tweets:

Related A timeline of the violence in Charlottesville

I know there's a lot going on in the world. The best place for me to go today is church, so I don't move with emotions I move with spirit. pic.twitter.com/fKe4FNpyAB — Diddy (@Diddy) August 13, 2017

What's going on in Charlottesville Va is HEARTBREAKING....I refuse to believe that this is the direction that our country is going in. — Kevin Hart (@KevinHart4real) August 12, 2017

We have nazi sympathizers and white nationalists in the White House. Condemn them too. They should not be receiving taxpayer money. — John Legend (@johnlegend) August 12, 2017

It's sad what's going on in Charlottesville. Is this the direction our country is heading? Make America Great Again huh?! He said that ‍♂️ — LeBron James (@KingJames) August 12, 2017

Losers . — Janelle Monáe, Cindi (@JanelleMonae) August 12, 2017

"The truth is: we are living at this time. And we are tolerating it." #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/U4qBQl93qV — Ava DuVernay (@ava) August 12, 2017

I pray a true leader will rise to expel hatred from America. This is not US! This is Anti-American #ThisIsNotUS #Charlottesville #BeKind — Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) August 12, 2017

CALL IT WHAT IT IS. IT. IS. TERRORISM. — Zendaya (@Zendaya) August 12, 2017

White Supremacists Well Cared 4 In trump Admin.He’s LOUD N PROUD 2NUKE N.KOREA,But a Girl-Scout Could Have Made MORE MACHO SPEECH ABOUT RIOT — Cher (@cher) August 12, 2017

