www.cosmopolitan.com/entertainment/celebs/a14510038/selena-gomez-mom-relationship-justin-bieber-family/

Peggy Truong, Entertainment Writer, Peggy Is Cosmopolitan.Com S Entertainment Writer, Specializing In Leonardo Dicaprio, This Is Us, The Royals.

Selena Gomez’s “Complicated” Relationship With Her Mom Reportedly Goes Beyond the Justin Bieber Drama

Getty Images

Selena Gomez’s reported reunion with Justin Bieber is a footnote compared to what E! News reports as a “complicated relationship” between the singer and her mom Mandy Teefey. According to one source, the mother-daughter pair have endured “a lot of ups and downs” on top of an “entire year” of not speaking to each other after Mandy was let go of her managerial duties in 2014. As the source explains, things got so bad Selena wasn’t even allowed to talk to her 4-year-old sister Gracie.

E! News’ source says that Mandy had a “really hard time” making 13 Reasons Why happen after the firing because she was so “emotionally and professionally” affected. “It caused a major rift in their relationship but they eventually reconnected.” Flash forward to March 2017: the show is an instant hit on Netflix and at the premiere, mother and daughter happily pose for photos together on the red carpet.

Getty Images

Getty Images

Earlier this month, TMZ reported that Mandy was briefly hospitalized in Los Angeles after she having a “heated” conversation with Selena about her relationship with Justin. At the time, sources said police performed a welfare check on Mandy after being contacted by a family member. According to E! News, Justin and Selena’s reported reconciliation has caused “so much angst” in her family, who are allegedly “very sad” about their reunion. “Selena is dealing with some family issues at the moment and Justin is there for her,” adds a source. “He doesn’t want to cause any problems between Selena and her mom… Justin and Selena are still together.”

Believe what you will, and take all of this with a grain of salt (or several grains). Just know that it’s completely acceptable to listen to “Mistletoe” even if Christmas was three days ago. It’s a great song and don’t let anyone take it away from you during this latest iteration of Jelena.

Follow Peggy on Twitter and Cosmo Celeb on Facebook.

