people.com/home/property-brothers-drew-scott-engaged-to-linda-phan/

Megan Stein

Property Brothers' Drew Scott Is Engaged to Linda Phan

Sorry, ladies, Drew Scott is officially off the market!

The Property Brothers star proposed to longtime girlfriend Linda Phan at the Toronto restaurant Piano Piano, and PEOPLE can exclusively announce the pair are engaged.

“I’ve never met another woman like her and once you do, you want to be with her forever,” Scott, 38, tells PEOPLE of Phan, 31.

Scott has been planning the elaborate surprise for weeks, and was determined to keep his new fiancé off his trail as he coordinated every over-the-top moment. “I’ve had to be as stealthy as a ninja to pull this off,” he says. Scott even admitted he’s been carrying the ring around with him for weeks and has kept all planning offline so Phan couldn’t possibly come across any details accidentally.

The HGTV star, who has released two country singles with brother Jonathan, recently snuck off to New York City to record his own version of the Train song “Marry Me.” During tonight’s dinner, he arranged for the restaurant to play the track while he and Phan were having dinner, which cued the staff to bring out a cake decorated with illustrations from one of Phan’s favorite books, Dr. Seuss’s Oh the Places You’ll Go, tweaked to read “Oh the Places We’ll Go,” as a nod to their continuing journey together.

The festivities continued after dinner with a surprise engagement party at a nearby venue that Phan had been led to believe was a company holiday party. Friends and family, including both fiancés’ parents, as well as Scott siblings Jonathan and J.D., were all in attendance.

RELATED: The Property Brothers Have the Most Amazing Holiday Vacation Planned for Their Girlfriends

WATCH THIS: Ever Wonder Where the Property Brothers Live?

RELATED: The Property Brothers Are ‘Good to Do Some Babysitting’ for Chip and Joanna Gaines

Scott and Phan met in 2010 at a Toronto Fashion Week event, and have been dating for six years. Phan serves as the Creative Director for Scott Brothers Entertainment, overseeing multiple projects including digital content, marketing campaigns and philanthropic effort for her new fiancé and his twin brother, Jonathan’s media company.

Now the two can get started on their next big project: wedding planning! Congrats to the happy couple!

