hollywoodlife.com/2018/01/03/justin-bieber-selena-gomez-on-a-break-fighting/

Samantha Wilson, Political News Editor

Do Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez Need A Break After Explosive Post-Vacation Fight?

Do Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez need some time apart after fighting on their Cabo bae-cation. A source tells HollywoodLife.com, ‘Yes.’

UPDATE: It looks like a break wasn’t even needed! At least, not a long one. Justin and Selena reunited for a hot pilates date on Jan. 3… less than 24 hours after their fight upon their return to California. A night apart from each other must have done the trick! See the pics here.

This is probably hard for diehard Jelena fans to hear, but HollywoodLife.com has learned EXCLUSIVELY from a source close to the couple that Justin Bieber, 23, and Selena Gomez, 25, need some alone time after their Cabo vacation together. The couple reportedly had a fight aboard their private jet on the way home from vacation in Cabo San Lucas. They were spotted arguing on the tarmac when they arrived in LA, too!

Every couple needs a little space after a huge fight, but was Justin and Selena’s argument explosive enough that they’re already ending their rekindled relationship? Not so fast, the source says! “They are good, they are still in a relationship even after their fight,” the source told us EXCLUSIVELY. “The fight they had was legit but all they just need now is some time away from each other. They have seen each other a little too much and they need a short break, but no one should worry because they aren’t breaking up.”

Breathe, Jelena fans! It sounds like all is going to be okay! And we’re so glad about that. These two seem like they’re so in love after years apart. In fact, as HollywoodLife.com learned EXCLUSIVELY from a separate source, Selena is so enamored with Justin that she’s been calling him her “husband!” Despite her family’s disapproval of their relationship, Selena is still determined to make their relationship work. “[Justin’s] changed and she knows that in time everyone will see that for themselves,” the source said.

HollywoodLife.com reached out to Justin and Selena’s reps for comment.

HollywoodLifers, do you think Justin and Selena are going to break up? Let us know!

