www.celebitchy.com/573751/the_sun_brad_pitt_will_absolutely_want_to_introduce_neri_oxman_to_his_six_kids/



The Sun: Brad Pitt ‘will absolutely’ want to introduce Neri Oxman to his six kids

Embed from Getty Images

At this point, it shouldn’t be shocking that every tabloid and every weekly gossip magazine is covering Brad Pitt’s romance with Neri Oxman. It’s worth noting that we only heard about Neri Oxman for the first time on April 5th, which was when Page Six published their exclusive. Since then, People Magazine, Us Weekly, E! News, the Daily Mail and The Sun have all run exclusives about Brad and Neri and how their love is once-in-a-generation and everything is sunshine and roses and deep, intellectual conversations about architecture. I don’t even know what to say at this point, so just enjoy these quotes from The Sun’s “insider.”

Brad’s series of upgrades: “Brad always does a lot of soul-searching after a break-up, analysing how he can find the perfect partner. Each time he goes looking for a new relationship, his wish list of demands gets longer. Friends joke that he is almost upgrading each time, until he finally settles for good. For years, he has been content to look within Hollywood for his next girlfriend. But after the split with Angelina, he was encouraged to look outside of the Los Angeles fame bubble. This has led to him falling for Neri. It is very much a meeting of minds first — it is not just physical attraction. Their chemistry is hot.” After a year of “loneliness,” Brad was ready for Neri: “Brad is besotted with Neri and cannot wait to shout their love from the rooftops. He is mesmerised by her intellect, her cool philosophy on life and of course their shared love of arts and design. He is also saying she’s the sexiest woman he’s ever laid eyes on.” Brad doesn’t want to rub it in Angelina’s face: “Brad and Angelina made a pact when they split that they wouldn’t step out with other people until their divorce terms were formally agreed. That didn’t stop either of them from quietly dating other people but he has been very clear about not rubbing her face in it and vice versa. Of course, this goes beyond image. Their biggest concern here has always been the children. The last thing any of the kids need is to see Mommy or Daddy dating other people while they’re still technically married.” Brad will introduce Neri to his kids: Our source adds that Brad is keen to introduce Neri to his six kids “at the appropriate time… Once the dust has officially settled on his and Angelina’s marriage, he will absolutely want them to be introduced. This is a sensitive subject and he will be respectful to Angelina but, make no mistake, he is seeing this as a serious relationship. That will eventually mean she’ll meet his kids, for sure.”

[From The Sun]

The idea of Brad “upgrading” with each relationship is… an interesting idea. Was Gwyneth an upgrade from Juliette Lewis? Was Jennifer Aniston an upgrade from Gwyneth? Was Angelina an upgrade from Aniston? Is Neri an upgrade from Angelina? Is Neri “sexier” than Angelina? I don’t have the answers, don’t look at me.

As for Brad and Angelina not wanting to rub their new relationships into the other’s face… well, Angelina isn’t dating anybody. There was that rumor – possibly pushed by Brad’s team – that she was quietly dating a real estate agent in LA. But she’s in England now with the kids, and that’s where she’ll be for months. I hope she does find someone nice (and British). And it will probably be a while until Brad even sees the kids, much less introduces them to daddy’s new unicorn lover.

Embed from Getty Images

