www.vanityfair.com/style/2016/08/gigi-hadid-body-shame-instagram-comments

Condé Nast, Kenzie Bryan

Gigi Hadid Is Now Defending Her Leaner Body on Instagram

Gigi Hadid has once again spoken out against her body-shamers, but this time, she’s addressing those who deem her too thin. After posting a picture of her reflection while on vacation, she responded to a commenter that said she lost weight. “It’s called growing up,” she wrote. “I loved my body as a 17-year-old athlete and I love my body now. Yes, I’ve lost some ‘baby fat,’ but muscle mass from my intensive volleyball training in high school has changed over the years into lean muscle from boxing, and work stress can have its affect [sic], but purposefully changing my body has never been my thing. I still eat what I want, I’m still strong, and I’m still healthy.

“Your comment won’t get me down,” she continued, “but next time, please think about the young women who may read body-judgement comments and judge themselves as they see their bodies growing and therefore naturally changing, too.”

A year ago, the script was flipped. Her detractors would cite her non-standard curves as evidence that she landed jobs due to her social-media following. Blanca Padilla, a model who’s walked in the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, told Spanish show Al Rincón:

Most of us have to conform to extreme measurements because otherwise we won’t book any jobs while others have the privilege to say that designers love them despite their curves. Well then, why do they love you? Maybe your millions of followers on Instagram might have something to do with it as well.

It’s not an unusual knock lobbed at Hadid and models of that ilk. But the same reason Hadid is criticized is why she’s an effective spokesperson for messages of body inclusivity. Even though she’s nearly six feet tall, her hair is flaxen like Helen of Troy, and her “curves” are only out of place on some fashion runways, she uses her 21.6 Instagram and 2.83 million Twitter followers to champion a diverse range of bodies. She did so in this tweet from September 2015, for example:

Hadid originally kicked off her crusade at the end of September 2015 in the middle of Paris Fashion Week. She posted an Instagram that addressed Internet commenters who perceived her body as curvier than those typically seen on the runway. In it, she said, “Your mean comments don’t make me want to change my body, they don’t make me want to say no to the designers that ask me to be in their shows, and they definitely don’t change the designers’ opinions of me.” Her words received support from other outspoken members of the industry, like Ashley Graham and Tyra Banks.

The next day, Vogue published an interview with Hadid where she further explained:

At first, my post was for the people on social media that were being negative toward me because I genuinely do trust the people in fashion. I know that the designers that have me in their shows have me for a reason, I know that the designers that don’t have me in their shows don’t have me for a reason, and I accept either way.

This summer, at the end of July 2016, Hadid first signaled that the criticism dial had turned from “too fat” to “too skinny,” which would appear to be the only two options for a body among the Instagram commenter class. She told Helena Suric on the Vogue podcast, “I’ll post a picture and one person will say I’m too fat and three comments down someone's calling me anorexic. So it happens to everyone. We all go through it and no one’s alone in that for sure.”

With that journey in mind, the Instagram that Hadid posted a day after her latest body-positivity manifesto is a delightful—if inscrutable—follow up. Treat yourself, we hope she’s saying.

