www.intouchweekly.com/posts/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-divorce-ending-marriage-162453

Editorial Staff

Is Kim Kardashian Divorcing Kanye West? She's Considering Leaving Him

What was meant to be an emotional return to the city of love for Kim Kardashian, 35, who was held hostage and robbed at gunpoint there two years ago, was a trip that could potentially end her marriage. The reality star and her husband, Kanye West, flew to Paris to see designer Virgil Abloh’s debut Louis Vuitton fashion show, but Kanye had another outburst and it pushed Kim over the edge.

“Kim’s emotions were heightened,” a source tells In Touch. And apparently, Kanye wasn’t helping. After the show on June 21, Kanye “made a scene,” according to the source, when he leaped from his front-row seat into the arms of Virgil. “Kim didn’t know what to do,” the source explains, adding that the rapper burst into tears. “Kanye acting up just added to her anxiety.”

Kanye’s latest incident comes just a month after his controversial slavery comments and tweets about Donald Trump. Kim has apparently had enough of it, and told her family that she’s considering leaving her husband. “It’s over,” says one insider. “She’s realized he’s not the man she fell in love with.” But a divorce may be complicated for the couple, who have $300 million empires combined. “Kim wants her old life back,” the source says, but she’s too scared to fight with Kanye.

However, in a recent interview with The New York Times, the Ye artist admitted to thinking the future of his marriage was up in the air. He told the publication that he had a “real conversation” with his wife following the controversial appearance he gave on TMZ Live. “There was a moment where I felt like after TMZ, maybe a week after that, I felt like the energy levels were low, and I called different family members and was asking, you know, ‘Was Kim thinking about leaving me after TMZ?’” he said.

For Kim, “it’s gotten to the stage where her freedom is more important than being trapped in a bad marriage,” the source tells In Touch. “She’s sick of walking on eggshells.” But will Kanye West be able to handle a divorce? “He’s strong enough now,” the insider says.

For more on this story, pick up the latest issue of In Touch Weekly, on newsstands now!

