www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3133469/Brad-Falchuk-spotted-date-mystery-brunette-amid-reports-Paltrow-over.html

Laurel Brown For Mailonline

Brad Falchuk spotted out with mystery brunette amid Gwyneth Paltrow split reports

The romance may indeed be over for Brad Falchuk and Gwyneth Paltrow.

Amid reports that the 42-year-old Oscar-winning actress and her 44-year-old producer beau have split, Brad was spotted out for the evening with another woman.

The former Glee executive producer took a mystery brunette out for dinner in the Venice Beach neighbourhood of Los Angeles on Tuesday.

Scroll down to video

Moving on: Brad Falchuk seemed to be over girlfriend Gwyneth Paltrow when he stepped out with a mystery brunette on Tuesday in Venice, California

It may not have been a very formal affair, however, since the American Horror Story producer stayed casual in a black V-neck T-shirt under a matching black blazer.

Brad's lady friend wore her brown hair long and loose, cascading over a white jacket.

Having 'consciously uncoupled' from husband Chris Martin in March 2014, Gwyneth quickly moved on to Brad.

Breakup rumours: Gwyneth (left) and Brad (right) are reportedly heading for a split, according to the June 29 issue of Life & Style

According to a report from the June 29 issue of Life & Style, however, friends say the blonde Iron Man star and her rebound guy are about to end their relationship.

'Gwyneth is breaking up with him,' said an unnamed friend of the Mortdecai actress.

'Things got very serious very fast, but lately all they did was fight all the time and she's tired of it.'

Shorter relationship: Both Gwyneth and Brad (above on April 4) were in 10-year marriages before beginning to date at some point in 2014

The two Hollywood stars began dating at some point in 2014, shortly after Gwyneth announced her separation from rocker Chris, 38, after 10 years of marriage.

Parents to two children - 11-year-old Apple and nine-year-old Moses - Gwyneth and Chris finalized their divorce in April 2015.

Unfortunately, differences in lifestyles and outlook may have ended up being too much for Gwyneth and her new man.

Diva concerns? According to an unnamed source, Gwyneth's fussiness was a major point of contention between her and Brad; here she is seen in London on Friday

Just a basic guy: Reports indicated that Brad (above in October) was more easygoing and just wanted a burger at times

'Gwyn likes things a certain way and Brad didn't cater to her, so they ended up bickering over the smallest things,' the same anonymous source continued.

'She can be very fussy when it comes to food and Brad isn't. Sometimes he just wanted to go out for a burger, which drove her crazy.'

Still, Gwyneth claimed to love burgers and fries in a GOOP post in early June where she gushed over a new fast food restaurant in Brooklyn.

Conscious uncoupling: Coldplay rocker Chris Martin was married to Gwyneth for a decade before they separated in spring 2014; here they are seen in October 2012

Neither Gwyneth nor Brad has confirmed the split.

Brad, meanwhile, has had plenty of work to distract him from his relationship woes - the former Glee executive producer has moved on to the next installment of American Horror Story, as well as new series American Crime Story and Scream Queens.

Gwyneth has previously dated Brad Pitt, Luke Wilson, Donovon Leitch and Ben Affleck.

