celebrityinsider.org/alex-rodriguez-is-reportedly-gunning-to-replace-michael-strahan-at-gma-173104/

Suzy Kerr

Alex Rodriguez Is Reportedly Gunning To Replace Michael Strahan At ‘GMA’

ABC has announced that Michael Strahan is leaving Good Morning America and will team up with The View co-host Sara Haines to host a new third hour of the news show called GMA Day. Sources say that the move comes after Strahan got upset over the addition of future baseball Hall-Of-Famer Alex Rodriguez as a GMA contributor.

“Tell your friends, tell your family, tell the whole town, shout it from the rooftops,” Strahan tweeted. “Starting September 10th @sarahaines and I will be hosting the 3rd hour of @GMA! #gmaday #gma”

Strahan has been a popular part of the morning news show since he left his job as co-host of Live! with Kelly Ripa in 2016. But recently, when the network hired Rodriguez without his input, he was not happy and felt threatened by the move.

We’re so excited to announce that @michaelstrahan and @sarahaines will be co-hosts of #GMADay – our new third hour, premiering Sept. 10 at 1pm ET / 12pm C/P! https://t.co/W5KClVZvJP pic.twitter.com/z9GkaM5irv — Good Morning America (@GMA) July 23, 2018

Instead of battling Rodriguez for airtime – or being worried about the former baseball player taking his place – Strahan made the move to the spinoff, and his future co-host is excited about the new show.

On Instagram, Haines wrote that she couldn’t find the words to adequately express her excitement about sitting next to Strahan on this new journey. She added that it has been a dream of hers for a long time, but it is bittersweet to leave The View.

GMA Day will premiere on Monday, September 10th, and air at 1 p.m. in the east and noon in the central and pacific time zones. It will be replacing The Chew, which ABC canceled after the sexual misconduct and rape allegations against star chef Mario Batali.

As for Rodriguez, Good Morning America has been giving him a ton of airtime, and insiders say it feels like he is starting to overshadow the six-foot-five Strahan. The sources add that A-Rod’s goal is to overtake Strahan as television’s “top jock.” In addition to his gig on GMA, Rodriguez is also the lead MLB analyst for FOX Sports, and he has been a guest judge on Shark Tank.

After his steroid scandal in 2014, Rodriguez has been attempting to rebuild his image. He comes across as quite the train wreck compared to the squeaky-clean Strahan. But ABC is willing to take the gamble, and Rodriguez will reportedly climb over anyone to achieve his goal.

His high-profile relationship with Jennifer Lopez also helps.

Insiders say that both Strahan and Rodriguez have “massive egos,” and Rodriguez joining GMA has caused Strahan to get jealous.

But, as Radar Online reports, Strahan is no stranger to how cutthroat TV can be. He shocked Ripa when he told her he was leaving her show for GMA just minutes before they went on the air.

However, insiders say that Strahan doesn’t believe Rodriguez deserves another chance, and he can’t believe his image renovation.

If there is any truth to the rumors that Strahan feels threatened by Rodriguez, though, many fans find it hard to believe. In addition to GMA, Strahan is also the host of the $100,000 Pyramid, and he co-hosts FOXs NFL pregame show during football season.

Advertisement

It seems like we will get multiple opportunities to see both Alex Rodriguez and Michael Strahan on television in the future.

