www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/kylie-jenner-pregnant-miserable-152765

Life, Style Magazine

Pregnant Kylie Jenner Has Never Been More Miserable (EXCLUSIVE)

For the first time since September, Kylie Jenner was spotted in public on Jan. 24 walking around a construction site — and the pregnant 20-year-old looked extremely uncomfortable. This should be the happiest time of her life, but the reality star has been absolutely miserable, sources tell Life & Style exclusively.

“Pregnancy has been hell for Kylie,” an insider reveals. “She’s crying every day. Kylie thought having a baby would be a dream come true, but instead it has been her biggest nightmare. Some days she feels like her life is falling apart.”

A different source explains, “Kylie feels fat and frumpy. She’s gained 45 to 50 pounds, and although she knows this is natural for someone who is pregnant, she doesn’t want the world to see her looking bigger. She feels huge compared to her sisters Kim, Kourtney, Kendall — and even Khloé.”

Unfortunately, the cosmetics mogul can’t count on her baby daddy and boyfriend of less than a year Travis Scott. “He really loves to party,” a friend tells Life & Style. “He’ll try to FaceTime Kylie at 3 a.m. and she’s already been sleeping for six hours. They’re on completely different paths.”

The pal admits the pregnancy was unplanned and that the pair is still getting to know one another. “It’s a really unconventional relationship, to say the least. They’ve only ever been on about five dates!”

Though Kylie is set for life with a $50 million fortune, she’s “spending money like water,” the source shares. “She’s bored being stuck at home and is buying anything and everything because she has nothing else to do. Over the past few months she’s blown millions of dollars on herself and the baby.”

But at the end of the day, the brunette beauty is focused on being a good mom. “She already feels super connected to the baby because it’s a girl,” her friend says. But the insider adds, “She isn’t planning on doing this again anytime soon!”

For more exclusive stories, pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now!

