www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5465943/Kourtney-Kardashian-deletes-Insta-unfollowing-toy-boy-Younes.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Kourtney Kardashian deletes Instagram after unfollowing Younes

Unlike her open sisters, Kourtney Kardashian has never been one to share her entire life on social media.

So when the mother-of-three briefly shut down her Instagram account on Monday, the sudden drama was completely out of character.

The 38-year-old reality star only took the move after first unfollowing her toy boy boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 24, on Saturday. For his part model Younes turned his account private.

Kourtney's sisters and motherKris Jenner do not follow Younes.

Trouble in paradise? Kourtney Kardashian, 38, briefly deleted her Instagram after unfollowing toy boy Younes Bendjima, 24, on social media; the two are seen in Paris in September

Support: As fans picked up on the changes, Kim posted this picture with her sister

The changes suggested there might be trouble in paradise for the May to December couple, who were first linked in 2016.

Twitter certainly thought so, with fans clamoring to suggest the pair had broken up.

Kourtney had previously admitted she was considering her options to preserve her fertility because thinking now about adding to her family is 'too much pressure'.

Moving on? Kourtney has been dating Younes since 2016; she is seen in Tokyo last week

Big change: Kourtney's boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 24, turned his account private

She said she was wanted to freeze her eggs in case she wanted a future sibling for the three children she has with ex Scott Disick - Mason, eight, Penelope, five, and three-year-old Reign.

Speaking to her sisters Kim, 37, and Khloe, 33 on Keeping Up With The Kardashians, she said: 'I should just do it so I don't have to think, "Is this what I want, to have kids?" It's like, putting too much pressure.'

Meanwhile, Scott has moved on with model Sofia Richie and it was recently claimed his former partner has allowed her to meet their children now their relationship is looking serious.

'Don't crush my dreams!' Fans were quick to comment on the social media drama

'I'm going to be really sad': Everyone had an opinion on their fave reality star

