www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6036423/Angelina-Jolie-accuses-Brad-Pitt-not-paying-child-support-divorce-war-rages-on.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of not paying enough child support

Angelina Jolie has accused Brad Pitt of failing to support their kids financially amid the couple's long-running divorce.

Attorneys for the 43-year-old actress alleged on Tuesday that the 54-year-old actor hasn't paid 'meaningful' child support for 18 months, according to court documents seen by DailyMail.com.

'As of present, [Pitt] has paid no meaningful child support since separation,' Jolie's attorney, Samantha Bley DeJean wrote.

The actress-turned-director alleged her third husband has not been meeting his financial obligations and has demanded the court force him to pay up.

Scroll down for video

Angelina Jolie has accused Brad Pitt of failing to support their kids financially amid the couple's long-running divorce. Seen here in 2015

'Given the informal arrangements around the payment of the children's expenses have not been regularly sustained by [Pitt] for over a year and a half, [Jolie] intends to file an RFO for the establishment of a retroactive child support order,' the filing says.

She has asked the judge to arrange a meeting to discuss the issue.

'Meaningful' support was not defined in the filing and Pitt's team are yet to formally respond.

A Pitt source familiar with the situation hinted to Dailymail.com that the actor would likely fight the allegations, commenting: 'Brad always fulfills his commitments'.

Later on in the day a spokesperson for Angelina explained to People why the star had requested child support to 'provide closure to the marriage in a way that clears a path toward the next stage of their lives and allows her and Brad to recommit as devoted co-parents to their children.'

The documents also demand that the divorce be finalized this year, with Jolie seemingly in a hurry to bring the battle to an end.

Jolie’s net worth has been estimated at $160 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth and in 2014, she was ranked 74th highest-earning celebrity by Forbes. The same site puts Pitt's net worth at $240million.

It's been nearly two years since their shocking split was announced. Jolie filed for divorce in September 2016 citing irreconcilable differences.

Big brood: The duo's divorce has apparently ground to a halt over disagreements about how much time Pitt gets with their six children; Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 12, Vivienne, 10 and Knox, 10. Seen here in 2011

Attorneys for the 43-year-old actress alleged on Tuesday that the 54-year-old actor hasn't paid 'meaningful' child support for 18 months, according to court documents

It came amid allegations that Pitt had been 'rough' with one of their children on a private plane. Pitt was investigated but cleared of all wrongdoing.

It started months often nasty exchanges and the couple are still 'not even close to settling their divorce', according to E! News.

'They are so hung up on dealing with the custody issues' that the rest of the proceedings have not yet advanced, according to the site.

The duo's divorce has apparently ground to a halt over disagreements about how much time Pitt gets with their six children; Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 12, Vivienne, 10 and Knox, 10.

And it's these discussions that have held up the rest of the divorce proceedings -such as division of assets- with E!'s sources describing the process as being at 'kind of at an impasse at this point'.

And according to UsWeekly, a major reason for the holdup is the Maleficent actress' resentment towards her World War Z star ex.

'She can't see past her anger for Brad that he is on his way to getting joint custody,' said the magazine's source.

Jolie is allegedly making the divorce negotiations and child custody battle very hostile and has been 'out for blood' ever since her September 2016 divorce filing.

A source connected to the Fury actor told TMZ that they believe the Maleficent actress wants 'to kill any relationship he has with his kids'.

They also claim that there has been a lot of screaming on Jolie's part, adding, 'She's fueled with anger and has gotten ridiculously unreasonable.'

It's become so bad that the mother-of-six's lawyer Laura Wasser, who has represented many divorcing celebrities over the years, is apparently going to quit and has 'made it known' to Jolie because it's become too 'venomous'.

Wasser, who has worked for stars such as Ashton Kutcher during his split from Demi Moore, Heidi Klum and Seal as well as Mariah Carey amid her divorce from Nick Cannon, promotes settlements and co-parenting.

TMZ claims the Wanted actress has already hired another law firm to take over when Wasser officially leaves.

However Angelina's people have disputed that account.

'I've spoken directly to Laura,' Jolie's spokesperson told PEOPLE. 'The TMZ story is not true. She's not quitting now or in the future.'

Jolie is currently filming the sequel to Maleficent in London while Pitt films Once Upon a Time in Hollywood in LA.

