www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4740636/Rihanna-feels-sexy-confident-new-curves.html

Heidi Parker For Dailymail.Com

Rihanna 'feels sexy and more confident with new curves'

Rihanna looked sensational at the Valerian premiere in Paris on Tuesday as she showed off her body in a pink bra with beads and a skirt.

And a source told Hollywood Life on Friday that the 29-year-old Diamonds crooner is fine with her look.

'Rihanna is happy and feels sexy and more confident than ever with her new curves,' said a source.

Knockout: Rihanna, seen here on Tuesday, is happy with her new curves, a source told Hollywood Life on Friday

Stay as you are RiRi: 'She thinks she looks fabulous and is not going to change for anyone,' added the insider

'She thinks she looks fabulous and is not going to change for anyone.'

The Kiss It Better singer has been dating businessman Hassan Jameel, who has been romantically linked to Naomi Campbell in the past.

'She has always wanted a man who can handle her and is not intimidated by her femininity,' added the friend.

Her guy: The Kiss It Better singer has been dating businessman Hassan Jameel. 'She has always wanted a man who can handle her and is not intimidated by her femininity,' added the friend

'She is definitely not going to change for a man. She wants a guy who can handle everything she brings to the table.'

Another source told Hollywood Life that Hassan is 'treating her like a princess' and 'she’s never been with such a sweet guy.'

Rihanna's new shape seems to be attracting plenty of high fashion types.

More daring: Here the ex of Chris Brown is seen in NYC in 2014

She has a new shoe line with Monolo Blahnik. And she is modeling for Chopard.

Hollywood is happy with her too.

Director Luc Besson says getting Rihanna's team on board for her role in the sci-fi epic Valerian And The City Of A Thousand Planets was a little painful at first but worth it in the end.

The pop superstar co-stars in the film as a burlesque dancer named Bubble who performs in a seedy club owned by Ethan Hawke.

In the pink: Rihanna's First Annual Diamond Ball Benefitting the Clara Lionel Foundation held at The Vineyard Beverly Hills in 2014

Besson says her team was rightfully protective of her at the outset, but that once she was on set, she was focused and generous. Early viewers have hailed Rihanna's small role as a scene-stealer.

The Grammy Award winner had a main role in Battleship and had cameos in the films This Is the End and Annie.

Valerian And the City Of A Thousand Planets hit theaters on July 21.

She can next be seen in Ocean's Eight with Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett.

