https://web.archive.org/web/20180601202949/http://www.newsweek.com/anne-hathaway-953412



'Oceans 8' Set Suffered Drama? Anne Hathaway Responds to Rumor

The cast of Ocean's 8 boasts an all-star lineup of A-list talent, but there's been speculation whether the women's "egos" sparked drama on set. Academy Award winner Anne Hathaway, one of the film's stars, addressed these rumors Thursday.

Hathaway, 35, plays fictionalized actress Daphne Kluger in Ocean's 8. She stars alongside Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett, Mindy Kaling, Rihanna, Helena Bonham Carter, Sarah Paulson and Awkwafina. The Devil Wears Prada actress dispelled such theories regarding on-set "catfights," and she instead shared how she "admired" her castmates.

"It's been really amazing to watch the way certain members of the media have wanted us to fight each other and the way they wanted there to be competition and catfights, but we were all collaborating—all the time," Hathaway told Today host Hod Kotb. "Now, we're friends. We genuinely love each other and we’re so there for each other. It’s a beautiful thing."

Added Hathaway, "That's actually what female friendship is. That's what it has been in my life and I don't know why I thought it couldn't be that way at work. I guess it is because I was fed this myth. But we all have had an experience that disproved it."

It's true that some actresses suffer from on-set drama, including Sex and the City alums Sarah Jessica Parker and Kim Cattrall in addition to Betty White and Bea Arthur from Golden Girls. Bullock, however, revealed that the powerhouse women did Kegels together as a bonding activity. The stars also shared a group text, which is now "disbanded."

"Because of all the talk, we've disbanded it," Bullock, 53, said Thursday to USA Today. "As of last night at the dinner table, we had a little funeral for it. We all got very paranoid about being hacked. What if we lost our iPhones? It was time. It was time to say goodbye."

See all of the best photos of the week in these slideshows

Ocean's 8 is a spin-off to director Steven Soderbergh's Ocean's franchise, which starred the likes of George Clooney and Brad Pitt, among others. Soderbergh's trilogy is based on the 1960 heist film, Ocean's 11. In 2018's all-female version, Danny Ocean's estranged sister Debbie Ocean recruits a women-only crew to assist her in robbing the Met Gala.

Ocean's 8 hits theaters June 8.

Mike Coppola/Getty Images

