discussion.femalefirst.co.uk/viewtopic.php?t=752715



Female First Forum

Postby Guest » Fri Jul 06, 2018 4:25 pm

Well, it looks like Dr. Drew was spot on. The ending of this crazy relationship is going nuclear. It's a shame he got skewered in the media for telling the truth.



EXCLUSIVE

Revenge! Angelina Jolie Has ‘Dirt Diary’ All About Brad Pitt!





Devious Angelina Jolie Opens a New Window. compiled a secret “dirt diary” during her explosive marriage to Brad Pitt Opens a New Window. — and she plans to use it to blow their bitter custody battle Opens a New Window. wide open!



“Angie’s going to paint her life with Brad as a living hell,” said a source close to the fractured fairy-tale couple.





PHOTOS: Somber Brad Pitt Speaks Out After Reaching Custody Agreement With Angelina Jolie Opens a New Window.



The A-listers’ showdown has racked up more than $15 million in legal fees as the warring exes bicker over their $500 million fortune and six kids Opens a New Window. — Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 12, and 10-year-old twins Vivienne and Knox.



“The way things are shaping up, she’ll have no option but to pull out the diary if she wants to win this custody battle,” the source said.



Last month, devoted dad Brad successfully blocked the Maleficent movie witch from permanently moving their brood to England Opens a New Window.



The Allied actor was even snapped smirking in victory as he left his lawyer’s office in Los Angeles.



Days later, a judge handed out a new schedule ordering Jolie to give Pitt more time with the kids after she kept their dad at a distance Opens a New Window. for months — a decision that left her “fuming,” claimed the snitch.



While Maddox told insiders he wants to live with his father, Jolie’s damning dossier will expose details of the blowout between him and Pitt that took place on the infamous September 2016 flight which sparked the couple’s nasty split, according to sources who are privy to the dossier’s contents.



PHOTOS: Calm After The Storm! Brad Pitt Looks Giddy After Finally Gaining Custody Of Kids



“Nobody outside the family, the flight crew and the feds know what went down, but Angie will make it known in her journal,” said the insider.



“Angie has said the diary will be very damaging to Brad’s custody hopes. She’s calling it her trump card.”

