www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-3688685/Thank-God-didn-t-end-Botched-Kylie-Jenner-admits-lips-BIG-started-plumping-pout-fillers-two-years-ago.html

Carly Stern, Carly Stern For Dailymail.Com

Kylie Jenner admits she made her lips 'TOO BIG' in Allure magazine interview

The star also said she plans to step away from fame in the future

wasn't a surprise, but she is proud that so many people look up to her

Though she denied even plumping her lips at the time, Kylie Jenner admitted in a new interview that she ODed a bit on fillers when she first started plumping her pout.

The 18-year-old posed for the cover of the August issue of Allure magazine, and in addition to sitting down for a traditional celebrity profile, Kylie also opened up honestly to her big sister about her biggest beauty regret in a playful one-on-one.

'I definitely made my lips a little too big at one point,' she said. 'I got excited and felt like I needed to do a lot. And then you guys were like, "Kylie, you need to chill." And then I had to go back and have it fixed, and it was a crazy process. Thank God I didn't end up on Botched.'

Scroll down for video

Sharing the details: Kylie Jenner covers the August issue of Allure magazine and sat down for two separate interviews

Reel it in! She admitted that she went to far when she first started injecting her lips (pictured in August 2014)

Just like Kylie: These days, her lips are smaller and have become of the envy of fans everywhere

Beauty!!!! @kyliejenner @allure #augustissue #proudmama #allure A photo posted by Kris Jenner (@krisjenner) on Jul 13, 2016 at 12:26pm PDT

Rumors first started to swirl that Kylie was surgically enhancing her lips in 2014. Back then, people couldn't get enough of her suddenly-bigger pout, but it became a bit of a punchline as fans and critics alike criticized her for going to far.

Of course, few people are laughing now. After toning it down, Kylie's lips have become practically iconic — and have helped her grow her hugely successful Lip Kit brand, which even Kim says she has to beg to get her hands on.

'I don't think I've ever gotten more requests for anything than the Lip Kits. I have to finagle some out of Mom just to keep people happy,' she told Kylie in the interview. 'It's so crazy. I'm so happy [for you]...and I want to come over for dinner!'

Money makers: They've helped her grow her Lip Kit line into a hugely successful business

She sat down with big sister Kim Kardashian for a one-on-one talk, featured on the magazine's website

When she made her lips 'too big', her sisters had to convince her to relax with the fillers, and she eventually found the right size

Nothing lasts forever: Kylie said she likes Juvéderm because it's not permanent; she has to come back every two to four months but can let her lips go back to their natural size (left) if she changes her mind

Kylie has spoken out about her lip regrets in the past, telling the New York Times in September that she was overenthusiastic when she first got hooked on injectables.

Luckily, though, she soon found Dr.[Simon Ourian in Beverly Hills, whom she now relies on to keep her lips full and pillowy because 'he's super natural about it'.

'I still do Juvéderm for my lips,' she said, referring the to name-brand filler that is mostly made up of hyaluronic acid, a substance that the body does, in fact, produce naturally in limited amounts.

'[Dr. Ourian's] the best,' she added. 'I was going to somebody before, and it was just looking crazy.

'I would recommend that anyone who gets it done go for a filler that lasts only two to four months. It’s annoying to keep going back, but you have the option of stopping it.'

So natural: The reality star hit the beach to pose for her Allure photoshoot

The 18-year-old said Dr. Simon Ourian's technique is much more natural than that of the doctor she saw when she first started getting fillers

Imperfect pout: Kylie, pictured in 2011 before she had her lips enhanced, initially denied claims that she was using fillers to plump up her pout

Hanging with the ladies: Dr. Ourian (left) has been a Kardashian-Jenner go-to

But though Kylie's Allure cover story touches on her beauty secrets, the interview also delves into deeper subjects, like how proud the teenager is of her dad, who has become a role model for so many people.

Kylie explained that when Caitlyn finally told the family that she was transgender, it wasn't a major shock to her and Kendall, who — on more than one occasion — ran into their dad 'fully dressed in women's clothes'.

When she did break the news, Caitlyn was concerned about how her transition might negatively impact her kids, and even embarrass them — but Kylie put her at ease.

'I just told Caitlyn, "You should do what you want in your life." I'm just happy that she can live her life as herself now,' Kylie said.

Last laugh: Though people made fun of her lips at first, she's become an influential force in the beauty world

Kylie said she is happy her dad Caitlyn can live her life now, and noted how many trans people look up to her

Goofing off: In a behind-the-scenes video from Kylie's photoshoot, she's seen having fun between shots

A quiet life: Kylie revealed that one day she plans to step away from being famous

However, she also admitted that she didn't know a life that wasn't in front of the cameras

'A lot of young transgender people look up to [Caitlyn], and she's doing a lot [to educate people] around the world,' she went on. 'All she cares about is helping other people who are going through the same thing.'

While the family fame has given Caitlyn that opportunity to reach so many people, however, Kylie herself insisted she doesn't plan to be in the pubic eye her whole life — even though she's never lived any other way until now.

