www.ok.co.uk/lifestyle/mum-and-baby/1184321/kylie-jenner-pregnant-kardashian-travis-scott-baby-bump-details

Beth Allcock, Image, Kylie Jenner Youtube, Twitter, Rodeothealbum, Getty, Kylie Jenner Instagram, Kylie Jenner Snapchat, Kylie Jenner, Instagram

Kylie Jenner pregnant: Travis Scott and Kylie welcome baby girl and reveal all in emotional video – baby details revealed

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: Kylie Jenner/YouTube)

Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Kylie Jenner, 20, and her boyfriend Travis Scott have finally confirmed her pregnancy after she gives birth to a baby girl.

After months of speculation, Kim Kardashian West's youngest sister has released a 10 minute video detailing the pregnancy and the safe arrival of her healthy daughter.

The news comes following months of speculation and a Calvin Klein campaign by all the Kardashian sisters that had Kylie fans convinced once and for all she was expecting a child.

(Image: Kylie Jenner/YouTube) (Image: Kylie Jenner/YouTube)

Following the announcement that Khloe Kardashian is pregnant with her first baby with boyfriend Tristan Thompson, fans have been calling on the 20 year old to confirm the news, with some furious that she didn't confirm it in a recent KUWTK, when Khloe told her she was pregnant.

Here's everything you need to know about Kylie Jenner's rumoured pregnancy:

(Image: Kylie Jenner/YouTube) (Image: Twitter / RodeoTheAlbum)

Kylie and Travis split?

It was reported Kylie and Travis split in the last few months of her pregnancy but the baby clip - put together by close friends - tells a different story.

Showing Kylie and Travis completely loved up, and in the delivery room as she gave birth only days ago, the duo couldn't be happier.

Kylie Jenner's 'baby bump'

With her absence from social media, fans were on the look out for a baby bump and have even found an old social media video from the Golden Globes where they're convinced they can spot a baby bump.

Photos taken "months ago" from her friend's birthday party, also show Kylie in an oversized jumper, concealing her figure.

(Image: Twitter)

Kardashian Christmas card

After 24 days of snippets from the famous Kardashian Christmas card, fans were convinced day 25, Christmas Day, would be the big reveal.

However, Kylie was nowhere to be seen at all, leaving fans sure that Travis Scott's girlfriend was heavily pregnant.

Fans were still convinced a baby announcement was on the way after spotting a 'clue' in one of the Kardashian Christmas calendar photos.

Kris and Kourtney are among some of the family members looking off-camera, beaming happily at something - or someone.

One fan commented on Twitter: "Half of the Christmas card are looking at something THEY’RE LOOKING AT KYLIE JENNER HOLDING THAT BABY IM TELLING U."

Kris Jenner talks grandchildren

(Image: Getty)

During the upcoming Christmas special of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, the mother-of-six revealed what she was most thankful for – and got very emotional.

"I used to pray that one of you guys would have a baby and now it’s like a faucet that we turned on that won’t turn off," she confessed.

"The fact that I have all these grandchildren… "

Fans obviously couldn't help but make the connection following Kylie's pregnancy reports.

(Image: Getty)

Kylie Jenner baby shower speculation

In pictures obtained by The Sun, a marquee lined with pink curtains can be seen set up at the back of the 20 year old’s LA mansion, showing pink decorations filling the garden.

Pink objects appear to be floating in the pool, while matching cushions adorn the seating area, Kylie appeared in pink silk pyjamas, suggesting the baby shower was for herself and she is expecting a baby girl.

(Image: Kylie Jenner/Instagram)

Is this the moment Travis Scott found out?

Fans are convinced they know when Travis Scott found out the 'happy news' from Kylie, who has a huge net worth.

On June 12, the star cryptically tweeted: "Legit the happiest day of my life."

According to Perez Hilton this would coincide perfectly with the reported due date, and the pair went on to get a matching butterfly tattoo.

(Image: Twitter)

Due date

People magazine originally reported Kylie was due to give birth in February 2018.

A source said: “They started telling friends a few weeks ago. The family has known for quite some time. She is really excited and so is Travis!”

Another insider added: “It is an unexpected but completely amazing turn of events that she could not be more excited or thrilled about.

They added: “Everyone is overjoyed for her. This is the happiest she’s ever been.”

(Image: Kylie Jenner/Instagram)

(Image: Kylie Jenner/Snapchat)

Kylie Jenner to pick a unique baby name

Despite the 20 year old not confirming or denying her pregnancy, reports have already begun speculating about what Kylie would name her future child.

An alleged insider told Hollywood Life: "She would like to do something both unique and keep the 'K' first name consistent with her sisters and mum."

Fans thought she may have gone with the name Butterfly given she and Travis both have matching small butterfly tattoos on their ankles.

Kylie to QUIT social media

In December 2015 Kylie Jenner told Elle UK she would delete her account as soon as she has a child.

"Once I have a kid I’m not going to be on Instagram," Kylie told the magazine. “You know, I’ll probably delete my Instagram and just… I don’t know, live life.”

(Image: Kylie Jenner / Instagram)

Kylie demands more privacy

According to People magazine, the reason Kylie is being so shy about the reports is because she wants more privacy.

A source told them: "Kylie prefers to stay home. She feels good, but her body is changing. She doesn’t want to be photographed.

"At the moment, she wants more privacy. She has family and friends come to her house instead so she has company."

