mashable.com/2018/05/30/kim-kardashian-meeting-donald-trump-prison-reform/

Morgan Sung

Kim Kardashian and Donald Trump talked about prison reform, because 2018 is off the rails

This year has been a pretty wild one already, but it just got stranger.

Kim Kardashian West — like, beauty mogul and reigning queen of reality TV Kim Kardashian West — visited the White House on Wednesday to talk about prison reform with President Donald Trump.

Trump tweeted this painful photo after the meeting:

Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018

Naturally, the photo quickly became a meme on Twitter, because how were there two reality TV stars in the Oval Office?

A Trump - Kim summit at last pic.twitter.com/ok9U500Y4t — Alfons López Tena #FBPE (@alfonslopeztena) May 31, 2018

KIM KARDASHIAN'S COMING OVER DON'T TELL JEFF SESSIONS I WANT TO MAKE HER THE NEW ATTORNEY GENERAL ALSO HAVE YOU SEEN MELANIE? pic.twitter.com/BryvoLwRlR — Karen DaltonBeninato (@kbeninato) May 30, 2018

Donald is wearing KKW Beauty foundation in Nonsensical Screaming Papaya and Kim is sporting creme lipstick in Kanye We Need to Talk pic.twitter.com/zYqZPUK8ka — kyla (@whatkyIasaid) May 30, 2018

The meeting took place after months of discussion between Kardashian and Jared Kushner, according to Vanity Fair. Kardashian asked the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, a woman serving a life sentence without parole for a first-time drug offense.

Before the meeting, Kardashian tweeted a birthday message for Johnson.

Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 30, 2018

But people on Twitter just couldn't believe that this was actually happening.

If you would’ve told me five years ago Donald Trump would be POTUS and Kim Kardashian would be in the Oval Office discussing prison reform with him I would have called you insane.



We truly live in the darkest timeline. — Denizcan James (@MrFilmkritik) May 30, 2018

“So, here’s the pitch. It’s a fish out of water story but get this, he’s the president and we have Donald Trump play him. And then, here’s the kicker we have Kim Kardashian play his sassy but still incompetent Chief of staff. It’s like Veep meets The Purge.” pic.twitter.com/3EO9V87vAL — Molly Jong-Fast (@MollyJongFast) May 30, 2018

I present the 10th circle of Dante's Inferno— Donald Trump meeting with Kim Kardashian about prison reform. pic.twitter.com/rjUseCYQvL — Dani Bostick (@danibostick) May 30, 2018

This book by @richardhine was published in June 2016 https://t.co/ebyLPgViWC — Daniel Radosh (@danielradosh) May 30, 2018

Apparently prison reform hits home for Kushner, who has firsthand experience with an incarcerated family member after his father Charles was charged with tax evasion, illegal campaign contributions, and witness tampering. Charles Kushner was jailed from 2005 to 2006.

The young Kushner even carried a wallet that his father made for him while serving prison time for his white collar crimes.

Since the experience, Kushner has vowed to make prison reform a key issue as a senior White House adviser, according to Vanity Fair. He's lobbied for the First Step Act, a bipartisan bill that helps inmates transition back into society more smoothly with job training and drug treatment programs. The bill, which passed the House last week, also gives inmates with nonviolent charges the chance to finish their sentences in halfway houses and house arrest. It's also seen its fair share of criticism.

Kardashian has been scrutinized for defending her husband Kanye West after his controversial tweets supporting Trump and far-right figures. But prison reform is something that she's been vocal about in the past; on Monday, she tweeted her support for Matthew Charles, a former inmate who turned his life around after 21 years of incarceration. Charles is required to serve another 10 years because his original release was a clerical error.

This man is sentenced to 35 yrs for selling drugs. He serves over 21 yrs, is released, finds a job, new relationship, starts a new life, & now is being sent back for another 10 yrs because the original release was an error. This man has completely rehabilitated himself. So sad https://t.co/msLsMSHGxh — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 28, 2018

She also shared a tweet about a man who was sentenced to only 90 days of house arrest after raping a child.

Since he doesn’t have to go on the sex offender registry, let it be known in the court of public opinion instead:



His name is LYLE BURGESS in California and he is the founder of auto part company RARE PARTS INC



Spread the word. Let everyone know what he is, since the law won’t. https://t.co/ar2WPtLJG9 — Kelly (@kellyblaus) May 27, 2018

Kardashian has also hinted at political aspirations. In an unaired clip from Khloe and Lamar, she pondered running for mayor of Glendale, a town in the greater Los Angeles area, because of its prominent Armenian population. (It's worth noting that Glendale doesn't have mayoral elections — instead, its city council appoints a member to serve as mayor for one year.) Despite her past misinformation about the town's bureaucratic structure, it's possible that she used this meeting to sow seeds for future political gain.

Kardashian hasn't made a public statement about the meeting yet, aside from tweeting the birthday message for Alice Marie Johnson. Is there a chance we'll get to see a behind the scenes of the meeting on the next season of Keeping Up With the Kardashians? Possibly — although season 15 doesn't have a premiere date yet. A Variety report revealed that the Kardashian/Jenner/West empire milked a deal with E! that will keep them on the air until 2020.

