www.intouchweekly.com/posts/travis-scott-tim-chung-stormi-paternity-159907

Emma Hernandez

Travis Scott Is Starting to Doubt If He's Stormi's Dad Amid Tim Chung Rumors

Earlier this month, rumors started swirling that Kylie Jenner‘s daughter Stormi Webster might not be her boyfriend Travis Scott’s child because of the shocking resemblence that Stormi has to Kylie’s hot AF bodyguard Tim Chung. Now that baby Stormi is four months old, she’s starting to show more defined features in her face and sources exclusively revealed to In Touch that there is a part of Travis that is starting to doubt Stormi’s paternity and whether or not he is the little girl’s father.

“Travis is starting to get a little worried and questioning Kylie about this whole bodyguard situation. Not to diss or say Kylie’s a liar but, he doesn’t watch her every move. He’s not with her 24/7 and there were times they were a part from each other nine months ago. He loves Stormi and truly believes that’s his daughter but can’t help but notice that she doesn’t look like him. In the back of his mind he wonders if Kylie strayed. If that happened and Stormi’s not his, that would be the most devastating news of his life. He flat out wants to talk to Kylie and Tim, together, to once and for all get to the bottom of this.”

Ever since Kylie started sharing more and more photos of baby Stormi, fans started to realize that Ky’s daugther kind of looks like she has some of Tim’s features and they started to point it out in the comments. And given the whirlwind nature of Kylie’s relationship with Travis — they started dating just one month after her split from her ex-boyfriend Tyga — and the fact that Travis was busy touring during the beginning of their relationship, it seems like there could have very well been a few instances where Kylie could have been alone with her security guard.

According to sources, Tim even bragged about how much alone time he has been able to spend with Kylie. “He’s telling his friends that he’s been alone with Kylie tons of times in her house but when they ask if [they’ve been intimate], he simply smiles,” and an insider revealed to In Touch.

