indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/hollywood/kristen-stewart-goes-on-romantic-date-with-her-girlfriend-alicia-cargile/



Kristen Stewart goes on a romantic date with her girlfriend Alicia Cargile

Kristen Stewart and Alicia Cargile were seen smiling after they stepped out from a restaurant in Los Feliz. Kristen Stewart and Alicia Cargile were seen smiling after they stepped out from a restaurant in Los Feliz.

Actress Kristen Stewart was spotted enjoying a romantic lunch date with her girlfriend, Alicia Cargile. The 26-year-old Cafe Society star and Cargile were seen smiling, after they stepped out from a restaurant in Los Feliz, reported People magazine.

Stewart was seen in a white t-shirt along with black jeggings and funky chain pendant over her neck, and her partner also kept it casual in a black top with a cap. The actress made their relationship public last month, acknowledging that she is happy with her girl more than any man she had earlier been with.

Earlier,Kristen Stewart said she watches her previous performances time and again to improve herself. The 26-year-old Twilight star believes that it is good to look back at her performances on the big screen as it helps her to become a better actress in the future, reported Female First. “I’ve been wanting to make movies forever and I want to direct and write and keep acting forever, so it makes me better to watch the performance.

“It’s enlightening, and not in a technical way – it’s not like I go, ‘Ooh, I saw my face do this and now I know how to cry onscreen.’ It’s more like, if you can correlate the experience of making the movie to the final product, it affects how you carry on from that point”, she said.

Earlier, the 26-year-old actress worked with the filmmaker onCafe Society and initially thought he “regretted” casting her, so was determined to prove herself on set, reported Female First.

“I thought, ‘He hates me! He absolutely is regretting his decision’,” she recalled. “But, then, I was like, “I’m going to prove to this little dude that I can absolutely do this!”Stewart revealed. Allen, 80, criticised her for her looks and said she wasn’t pretty enough.”

For all the latest Entertainment News, download Indian Express App

