www.elle.com/culture/celebrities/news/a39283/nick-cannons-turban-doesnt-seem-to-be-going-anywhere/

R. Eric Thomas, R Eric Thomas Is A Senior Staff Writer At Elle.Com, Home Of His Daily Humor Column, Eric Reads The News, Which Skewers Politics, Pop Culture, Celebrity Shade

Nick Cannon's Turban Doesn't Seem to Be Going Anywhere

Nick Cannon showed up to the finale of America's Got Turbans—excuse me, America's Got Talent, wearing a glamorous headdress and a bejeweled brooch, and I am...puzzled.

Steve Granitz Getty Images

I mean, I know it's the last show of the season, but Cannon seems to be taking the phrase "That's a wrap" literally.

Steve Granitz Getty Images

He is giving us "Grandmother of the Church on Easter Sunday all dressed up for dinner at Golden Corral" with just a hint of "Punjab from the movie Annie but not really because although we love Geoffrey Holder we recognize there are some issues with this character." It's...a lot. And, like Sally Field at the end of Steel Magnolias, I want to know why.

You might think, Oh, this is just a wacky one-off. Some rogue stylist made a bold choice and Nick is just trying to downplay it. Out here like Daniel Bedingfield, muttering "Gotta get through this..." to himself. But, the gag is, he seems to be aware he's wearing a turban. And he wants you to know about it, too.

Steve Granitz Getty Images

First of all, Mother Cannon, I'm unclear about why you are pointing to the turban, as if our attention could be anywhere else. It is literally being held together by the North Star; we noticed.

Of course, Cannon has a propensity for pointing, even when it's not necessary. Take this photo from Red Nose Day:

NBC Getty Images

Photographer: Can you wear the nose, please?

Mother Cannon: I am wearing it.

Photographer: Yes, but it's supposed to go on your face. Like an actual nose.

Mother Cannon: I know. But this here is a nose finger. It's comedy. Ask about it. And I'm pointing to it so people know that this here is the joke. The nose finger. Scratch and sniff? Finger nose. Finger Cannon! I'm workshopping here. Is this too on the...what's the word I'm looking for?

Photographer: Nose?

Mother Cannon: Finger.

So, if you're taking notes at home for your Nick Cannon fashion journal, he sniffs at red noses but will turn up for a turban. And it's not a new development.

Here he is at the VMAs, in a sleeveless look giving you Aunt Joanne at the Labor Day cookout:

Dimitrios Kambouris Getty Images

This look says, "My macaroni and cheese recipe may be suspect, but my bank account is on point."

And here he is in a black turban, giving you Aunt Joanne in mourning for recently deceased president of the church usher board. Yes, he will be bringing a dish to the funeral. Why do you ask?

GVK Getty Images

Now, I watched Real Husbands of Hollywood, so I know that Nick is a shrewd business person who is rolling in cash, so he can do whatever he wants. He probably has a stack of hundreds shoved up in that turban right next to his Werther's Originals and his spare handkerchief. But I'm going to need some backup testimony before I can accept this turban ministry.

Right now he's giving me "Glenn Close but no cigar":

Like, is this the look? Is Nick Cannon slowly turning into Norma Desmond right before our eyes?

I mean, I would not mind that at all. It sounds hilarious.

But I suspect Mother Cannon has his sights on another grand dame of the screen.

This latest lewk is 100 percent Dominique Deveraux and if this is what Nick Cannon is trying to give us, I am here for it!

ABC Archives Getty Images

Here for this!

Here for that Professor Quirrell realness!

ABC Archives Getty Images

Here for this casual day look!

Not everyone will be on board Nick's slow but heady transformation into Diahann Carroll.

But I say ignore the haters.

I salute you, Nick Cannon. Live your "matriarch of the family," "it's too hot out here to be wearing a wig anyway" truth. You keep that head held high! No matter how heavy all the fabric wrapped around it is.

Follow R. Eric Thomas on Twitter.

