www.wetpaint.com/life-of-kylie-season-1-ratings-kris-jenner-kardashians-1615024/

September

Kris Jenner Asks Kardashian Sisters to Save Failing ‘Life of Kylie’ — Report

Credit: Instagram

Kris Jenner Asks Kardashian Sisters to Save Failing ‘Life of Kylie’ — Report

by 0 Shares

Advertisement

We’re not even sure Kris Jenner can save this sinking ship! According to reports, Kylie Jenner’s new reality show Life of Kylie isn’t doing so well in the ratings department, despite having a strong showing during the first episode. As the numbers supposedly continue to fall, Ky’s mama is doing everything in her power to keep the show alive.

“Kylie is beginning to see that fans don’t care about her as much as she thinks, and is devastated by the show’s reception,” a source told Radar Online. The 61-year-old is reportedly even asking her other daughters to help out with some promotion on their individual social media pages.

“Kris ordered Kim, Kourtney and Khloe to help by promoting Life of Kylie on their social media,” the source continued. “She is even going so far as to try to add newly filmed footage to the show’s existing edit.”

Hey, desperate times call for desperate measures! And, according to TV By The Numbers, the most recent Life of Kylie episode only drew in 660,000 viewers.

It also came in 21st place out of the top 25 programs on Sunday, falling behind even the Weather Channel.

“Her friends are just telling her the truth. She should stick to what she is good at, and that is selling makeup!”

To be fair, she is really good at selling makeup. Meanwhile, the 19-year-old recently opened up about why she broke up with ex-boyfriend Tyga on a recent episode.

Credit: Instagram

Though the pair were on-and-off for quite some time, the ultimately decided to call it quits earlier this year. "There was absolutely not one thing wrong with me and T. He and I will always, always have a bond," she shared.

"There was no crazy fight, we just decided...Well, I decided that I'm really young.” She continued, “I don't want to look back in five years from now and feel like he took something from me when he's really not that type of person."

Credit: Instagram

Are you a fan of Life of Kylie?! Let us know below!

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Aug 31, 2017 at 11:27pm PDT

