radaronline.com/videos/selena-gomez-rehab-treatment-center-drugs-breakdown-fears-relapse/

Radar Staff, February

Selena Gomez Checks Into Rehab Treatment Fears Drugs Breakdown

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Selena's Hell! Gomez Goes To Rehab As Friends Fear Another Drug Relapse

Selena's Hell! Gomez Goes To Rehab As Friends Fear Another Drug Relapse

Selena's Hell! Gomez Goes To Rehab As Friends Fear Another Drug Relapse Justin Bieber footing the bill for her party lifestyle!

Selena Gomez checked into a treatment center, and RadarOnline.com has the exclusive details about her latest rehab stint.

Justin Bieber’s 25-year-old girlfriend spent the last two weeks of January in a New York area treatment center and a source explained that those close to her were afraid of a drug relapse.

“Selena’s inner circle is afraid she is back on drugs and racing toward a breakdown,” the insider told Radar.

The singer’s party lifestyle was enabled by her boyfriend, the informant claimed.

“The label just gave her another huge advance which, mixed with Justin’s resources — he’s covering her security and transportation — has led to some pretty heavy partying…even for her.”

Gomez cut off her mother, Mandy Teefey, in the middle of her latest breakdown.

“Selena changed her number again in an effort to avoid Mandy. Mandy is now speaking to Selena through Justin and his mother,” the insider snitched to Radar.

Another source revealed Gomez sought treatment for “depression and anxiety.”

“Selena doesn’t want to fall back into her old ways,” the insider said. “She wants to be proactive about staying healthy.”

As Radar previously reported, Gomez checked into rehab in 2016 to battle her demons.

An insider revealed that Gomez had begun using a potentially deadly cocktail of “Lunesta, Ambien, Klonopin and Xanax” before loved ones staged a desperate intervention and checked her into rehab.

“Everyone close to her is worried because she seems to be back to old behavior,” said the source of Gomez, who also did a previous stint in treatment back in 2014.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

