www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/sofia-richie-kourtney-kardashian-151741

Stephanie Kaplan

Sofia Richie vs. Kourtney Kardashian? See Their Similarities!

Is it just us, or is Scott Disick‘s girlfriend, Sofia Richie, starting to look more and more like his ex Kourtney Kardashian every day?! Though Sofia is half Kourtney’s age, fans can’t help but notice that the 19-year-old has practically become Kourt’s twin.

Take Sofia’s most recent Instagram post as a prime example. Casually posing next to Scott with her sun-kissed glow, Sofia is rocking a thin pair of black sunglasses, high-waisted jean shorts, a billowy white top, and chic white sandals. If that outfit doesn’t scream Kourtney Kardashian, we don’t know what does! Even her pose is Kardashian-esque.

Naturally, fans spoke up about it. “Uh, for a moment I thought that was Kourtney Kardashian,” one fan wrote. “[Sofia Richie] looks as if she’s Kourtney Kardashian’s little girl,” wrote another. Of course, this isn’t the first time Sofia has been caught looking like Kourt. In fact, it all started over the holidays in 2017, after Sofia traded in her golden locks for a dark brunette ‘do. Keep scrolling for some #twinning side-by-side pics of Scott’s present gal looking just like his past.

It’s not just their taste in fashion that’s eerily similar — it’s their mannerisms, too. Just take a glance at one of their countless mirror selfies — both sans pants, of course!

Instagram

The two women have no problem flaunting their fabulous figures, whether they’re chilling out at home or rocking a barely-there swimsuit at the beach.

Earlier this year, Sofia wore an itty-bitty bikini while in Mexico with Scott, and Lord Disick himself couldn’t help but show her off, posting several shots of her on Instagram. Unlike Kourtney, Sofia isn’t shy when it comes to packing on the PDA with her man, as an onlooker told E! News, “Scott and Sofia went in the hot tub and kissed and made out. Scott gave Sofia a massage and they had their arms wrapped around each other. They are very happy together, always cracking each other up and laughing together.”

Though Sofia may be channeling Kourt’s appearance, their personalities are clearly different. While Scott was constantly partying during his on-off romance with Kourtney, an insider told Life & Style that Sofia has actually managed to tame his bad boy ways. “Kourtney is giving Sofia credit for turning Scott into a better man, and more importantly, a better father,” the insider revealed. “She’s happy that Scott’s priorities have shifted from nightmare party animal to reliable baby daddy.”

