www.lipstickalley.com/threads/tom-hiddleston-thread-part-xii.1199714/page-60



Tom Hiddleston Thread Part XII

Saw Thor Ragnarok the other day. Its a okay movie, not great, but okay. Taika is a good director but i blame the writers for the unnecessary attempts in trying to change the tone to this series and not making sense. Fans really overhyped it. It was funny but not as funny as GotG. Thor and Loki acted out of character. For a 2 hour movie it felt rushed. Not enough of Hela was shown and i found the Sakaar scenes held the movie back from giving much needed backstory on the history of Asgard. I wanted to know more about the Grandmaster as well. I wanted to see more of Hela. Odin's scene was dumb as well.



Valkyrie is fine i just don't like that they try to make her a drunk really. Its pretty cliche since male writers always think a tough chick is someone who acts like a man. I do love her chemistry with Bruce, i ship them together. Her and Thor should just be friends, i don't see any romantic chemistry with him at all.



Loki was the butt of jokes and is pretty much a shadow of his former self. He was kinda dumb tbh and was a bit out of character. I would even go as far to say he was unnecessary to be in the movie. Let his "redemption" arc conclude in IW.



At this point, with all the events that happened in this movie he has absolutely no character arc at this point. I wouldn't blame Tom if he doesn't renew his contract unless Marvel actually gives him some purpose besides being fanbait for fangirls. I would not be surprised if he's "killed" off in IW and in Avengers 4 he's brought back to life and just leaves to parts unknown in the end or resurrected as Kid Loki or Agent of Asgard Loki since Marvel is bringing in new Avengers members and looks to have a soft reboot with the next phase.



I really like Bruce and Thor's chemistry that was fun. I hate they shoehorned in that Black Widow scene. I want more Valkyrie x Bruce scenes.



Thor was out of character and the what happened to the Warriors 3 was stupid.



Overall i felt like i was seeing a fan fic or side story. Sure it might be enjoyable but its not exactly the tone that i want to see in future sequels, tho from critic and fan reviews they love the tone so i'm in the minority about this movie.

Click to expand...

