people.com/style/kris-jenner-retire-family-empire/

Sharon Kanter

Kris Jenner Says She Has No Plans to Retire

Kris Jenner has made a career out of turning each of her children into superstars and entrepreneurs (as well as herself!) and she has no plans of slowing down any time soon.

“I don’t see myself retiring,” the world-famous momager, 61, told PEOPLE after coming off-stage at the WWD Apparel & Retail CEO Summit in New York City, where she discussed how she’s built an empire with her friend and business mentor and advisor, Tommy Hilfiger — the same day it was announced that she renewed her deal to continue filming Keeping Up With the Kardashians for a reported $150 million.

Image zoom Kris Jenner JB Lacroix/ WireImage

“Being busy and working hard is instrumental in a long, healthy life,” she continued. “I really believe that. I think you have to take care of yourself and treat yourself well and have treats along the way and vacations and this and that. But I really think that working really hard for a long time is important. It’s important for your mind, body and spirit.”

RELATED VIDEO: Kris Jenner Wants to Help Kylie’s Business Continue to Thrive

And when it comes to striking the delicate balance between parenting and managing, Jenner has a very specific approach: “I’m always Mom first,” she said.

RELATED: Kylie Jenner Made $420 Million in First 18 Months of Her Kylie Cosmetics Business, Kris Jenner Says

“I love my kids more than anything, and it gives me such joy to see that they’re following the path they love,” she continued. “And they’re all really smart kids with amazing work ethics. That makes my job heaven because I don’t have to babysit anybody. They’re telling me, ‘Let’s do more. Faster. Bigger.’”

Image zoom Tommy Hilfiger and Kris Jenner at the WWD Apparel & Retail CEO Summit in N.Y.C. Patrick MacLeod for WWD

However, there are challenges to being the CEO of your children, she admitted.

“It’s a little bit like a juggle and every day you work for a different company,” she explained. “But that’s the exciting part. It’s difficult but it’s exciting because there’s always something going on. Every day it’s some big corporate fabulous thing that we’re doing, or working on our individual beauty lines and clothing lines. I sometimes feel like a bit of a fireman because I’m always putting out fires. So it’s kind of got a double-edge sword. But it’s exciting. And I love it. It’s very satisfying.”

Plus, she’s noticed her children approach business differently, from Kylie’s cosmetics company to Khloé’s Good American denim label to Kim’s beauty label to Kendall’s modeling career to Kourtney’s partnerships to Rob’s sock line and beyond.

Image zoom Jenner with her family in February 2016. Kevin Mazur/Getty Images

“Everybody definitely has their own business style and they have their own way of doing things,” she said. “My job to navigate is really letting them be who they truly are and letting them find their pace and find what works for them. And they’re all really smart kids who seem to have a great sense of direction into how to market whatever they’re doing to their fans and their followers. And I think we’re learning from each other all the time, which is really great.”

At this point, Jenner works tirelessly to make every wish come true for her children—but what about her? “I’m up for anything,” she said. “I love to work. I’m driven to do things and I get great satisfaction doing amazing things for my kids. I think I’d love one day to do a clothing line … the possibilities are endless. I think we can do anything we set our minds to.”

For more of our exclusive interview with Kris Jenner, pick up the new issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday.

