www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5580823/Kylie-Jenner-takes-Twitter-refute-report-Kris-Jenner-guiding-Travis-Scott-Kanye-West.html

Ross Mcdonagh For Dailymail.Com, Paul Chavez For Dailymail.Com

Kylie Jenner slams claim Kris is guiding Travis Scott and Kanye West

Kylie Jenner took to Twitter on Wednesday to refute a report that Kris Jenner has started guiding the careers of her rapper boyfriend Travis Scott and brother-in-law Kanye West.

The 20-year-old reality star tweeted: 'this isn't true' along with a link to an article by Complex based on a report by Page Six.

The 62-year-old momager is grandmother to both the rappers' children; Kanye shares North, four, Saint, two, and Chicago, two months with Kris's daughter Kim Kardashian, while Travis and Kris' youngest daughter Kylie welcomed baby Stormi also two months ago.

Momager: Kris Jenner, shown in October 2015 in Paris with Kanye West and Travis Scott, reportedly has started managing their careers, but Kylie Jenner shot it down

Not so fast: Soon after the report surfaced, however, Kylie tweeted that it was 'not true'

According to Page Six, the momager was behind West's parting with longtime manager Izvor 'Izzy' Zivkovic, as well as Scott's departure from Mark Gillespie.

'They've been off and on for years,' said a source told the site of West and Zivkovic.

'But Kris is in [West's]. Kanye's been making changes and [he and Zivkovic] have grown apart — but Kris definitely gives her opinion and Kanye's all ears.

'She's about brand building and is gangster at it,' the insider said.

Grandma: The 62-year-old is grandmother to both the rappers' children; Kanye shares North, four, Saint, two, and Chicago, two months with Kris's daughter Kim Kardashian

Newest addition: Travis and Kris's youngest daughter Kylie welcomed baby Stormi also two months ago

'She also told Travis Scott to fire Mark Gillespie,' the source added. 'They are 100 percent part of that Kardashian-Jenner brand.'

Scott left Gillespie's Three Six Zero management last month. Kanye left Zivkovic last week.

Zivkovic had been sharing management duties with Justin Bieber's manager Scooter Braun; the former oversaw musical interests while the later everything else, including West's fashion endeavors.

Teaming up: Both rappers are reportedly collaborating on a new track, and have been seen recording in Jackson Hole, Wyoming

According to the site, both rappers are collaborating on a new track, and have been seen recording in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.

While Kris may not have much experience in rap, her people and brand management credentials are second to none.

In a swamped field of reality stars cloying for popularity, she has elevated each of her five daughters, with no discernible skills, to stand-alone superstar status.

