www.intouchweekly.com/posts/kanye-west-leaves-kim-kardashian-159645

In Touch Staff

Kanye West Leaves Kim Kardashian After Massive Fight – See Details

Just when it seemed things couldn’t get any worse.…They did. Capping of a tumultuous week of bizarre rants and a Trump-related Twitter firestorm, Kanye West showed up in the TMZ newsroom on May 1 and dropped a few new bombshells. During a rambling 42-minute interview, the erratic rapper announced that he’d been hooked on opioids after liposuction in 2016 and declared that "when you hear about slavery for 400 years…that sounds like a choice." His shocking comments were met with instant backlash from fans, fellow celebrities and especially his own wife, Kim Kardashian.

"She’s just so mad at him for embarrassing her — and her family — over and over and over again," says a Kardashian source, noting that Kim is fearful about how Kanye’s behavior affects everything from their children to the Kardashians’ public image and business empire. The pair fought bitterly, adds an insider, because "Kanye was furious that she would even try to silence him. He stormed off, leaving Kim in tears." Now with Kanye, 40, holed up at a Wyoming resort — purportedly to work on his music — Kim, 37, is facing the fact that her third marriage is in free fall. "She’s more humiliated than ever," says the source. "Her sisters and mom, Kris Jenner, are asking her how much more of this she can take."

She’s put up with so much already. "Kim has tried to talk to Kanye about the effect his words are having, not only on his friends and his fans, but on those closest to him," says the insider, noting that she’s been living in fear for the family — including kids North, Saint, and Chicago — after rapper Daz Dillinger urged the notorious Crips gang to “f— Kanye up.”

While Kanye brushed of the danger during his TMZ rant, he and Kim did appear to beef up security, says the insider: "They’re taking this very seriously." All of the Kardashians are on red alert. "This is most definitely a family crisis," says the insider. "Everyone has been in heated conversations, trying to figure out how the hell to shut Kanye up." And how to keep the family businesses running smoothly.

"Kim hopes people won’t hold Kanye’s actions against her," says the source, "but Kris has been on the phone tirelessly with the execs they work with to make sure that there are no problems." Kim is already breathing a little easier now that Kanye’s out of town. "It’s way less stressful," says the source, noting that they hardly speak when he’s working. "She wants to unwind and not make any rash decisions. But just having him out of LA has already been great for her mental state. And she’s doing whatever she can to be vocal about how Kanye’s opinions are NOT hers."

But Kim knows his actions reflect on her — and she’s got a big decision to make about their future. As embarrassing as it will be for the reality star to have "a third failed marriage under her belt," says the insider, "there’s no coming back from Kanye’s latest meltdown. It’s time for Kim to not only distance herself from Kanye, but to make it offcial and divorce him."

For more on this, pick up the new issue of In Touch magazine, on stands now!

