https://web.archive.org/web/20171013095503/http://theroyaluk.com:80/queen-isnt-disappointed-meghan-outing/



Queen isn’t disappointed with Meghan Markle over first public outing with Prince Harry

Queen Elizabeth was not at all disappointed with Meghan Markle over her first public outing with Prince Harry at the 2017 Invictus Games.

There have been some bogus reports about the Queen’s displeasure over the issue. THE ROYAL UK can reveal the truth. We’re told it’s “not true.”

The unsubstantiated allegation can be found in the latest issue of OK! The misleading headline reads as, “Meghan and Harry: Royal Rule Breakers”. In the following story, the tabloid suspiciously contends that Queen Elizabeth was unhappy with Markle’s casual outfit. They also claimed that the Queen didn’t like the affectionate and PDA-filled attitude towards Prince Harry.

Also Read: Prince Harry’s girlfriend Meghan Markle finally meets Queen Elizabeth.







A so-called “palace insider” is quoted as saying, “The Queen thought Meghan’s loose, men’s-style shirt, ripped jeans and oversized bag were not a suitable choice for her first public engagement with the prince.” After seeing photographs of the couple at the Invictus Games, OK! magazine goes on to claim that the Queen has requested Prince Harry and Markle not to hold hands in public.

There have been some reports that the Queen asked both of them to attend coaching sessions on “royal protocol and etiquette.” “Meghan needs to step up her game to join the royal family. Luckily, the Queen is prepared to do whatever necessary to help,” concludes the outlet’s alleged “insider.”

But THE ROYAL UK investigated into the whole matter, and not surprisingly, a royal source tells us the report is “completely fake.” Queen Elizabeth was not upset with the actress over her first public outing with Prince Harry, nor was she disappointed with Markle’s outfit and attitude at the annual sporting event. Additionally, a “real” palace insider wouldn’t be discussing such details with OK! magazine. The article is nothing more than a fabrication.







Notably, this isn’t the first time OK! has tried to dupe its readers into thinking it has reputable sources for the royal family. In September, THE ROYAL UK corrected the outlet for inaccurately announcing a “wedding of the century” for Markle and Prince Harry on its cover. In that story, a purported “palace planner” claimed to have the scoop on the couple’s “big day,” but as we noted at the time, a genuine royal source wouldn’t have fed an American tabloid with information about a royal wedding before an engagement was even announced. Similarly to that bogus report, this latest one is equally manufactured.

Related

Comments

comments

