www.econotimes.com/Suri-Cruise-2018-Wants-to-Start-Acting-Career-Reports-on-Tom-Cruise-Custody-Disapproval-of-Katie-Holmes-Boyfriend-Debunked-1419882



Suri Cruise 2018: 12-Year-Old Wants to Start Acting Career?; Reports on Tom Cruise Custody & Disapproval of Katie Holmes’ Boyfriend Debunked

Suri Cruise just turned 12 several months ago but a recent report claims that she has already made up her mind about pursuing an acting career. Meanwhile, rumors that her father, Tom Cruise, is fighting to get custody rights and that she allegedly dislikes Katie Holmes’ new relationship have been debunked.

Hollywood Life reported on Wednesday that a “source close to the [family]” claimed that the 12-year-old girl started taking acting classes recently. “She’s caught the acting bug. She’s signed Suri up for one-on-one acting classes with an acting coach and she’s getting private singing and music classes too,” the insider added.

A post shared by Suri Cruise Holmes ???? (@suricruise.official) on Aug 22, 2018 at 9:32am PDT

As a daughter of two very popular actors, it should not be difficult for Suri to find inspirations leading to her dream of becoming an actress as well. But Hollywood Life’s source claimed that the young lady started wanting to become an actress when she visited the set of “The Kennedys: After Camelot.” Holmes played the late Jackie Kennedy in the 2017 miniseries.

The insider stated further that Suri Cruise was fascinated with how the actors prepared for their scenes, especially with their “hair, makeup and wardrobe.” It is not strange for children of popular actors to follow their parents’ legacy. And the report claimed that Katie Holmes is totally on board with Suri’s dream. However, Tom Cruise reportedly thinks his daughter is still quite young to be starting an acting career.

In other news, there has been a recent spike in the number of published rumors that Tom Cruise is fighting to get custody of his 12-year-old daughter. The reports also said that the “Mission Impossible” actor is trying to win back Suri by showering her with gifts aside from his alleged renewed efforts in court.

Recently, it was also reported that Suri Cruise had been “begging” her mom Katie Holmes to ditch her relationship with boyfriend Jamie Foxx. There were recent claims that Suri does not approve of how the singer-actor treats the 39-year-old “Dawson’s Creek” alum.

A post shared by Suri Cruise Holmes ???? (@suricruise.official) on Aug 21, 2018 at 9:16am PDT

Luckily, rumor fact-checking outlet Gossip Cop has debunked these stories. The site calls out tabloids spreading reports about Tom Cruise’s recent efforts to take his daughter from Holmes. Gossip Cop even suggested that the so-called insiders are merely “guessing and speculating" after dissecting their quoted statements.

Meanwhile, Gossip Cop also debunked the story that Suri Cruise does not like Foxx due to allegations that he continuously flirts with other women — another story that has also been repeatedly refuted. Holmes’ spokespersons did not comment on this rumor but Gossip Cop said that a “confidante” of Holmes already denied these claims.

