hollywoodlife.com/2016/05/18/jamie-foxx-katie-holmes-wedding-cancelled-pregnant-baby/

Alyssa Norwin, Senior Editor

Katie Holmes Calls Off Wedding To Jamie Foxx While 4-Months Pregnant With His Kid

It looks like Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx have ended their relationship before even going public with it! The pair is expecting a child together, but have decided not to go through with a wedding, according to a new report. Find out why here!

Will Katie Holmes, 37, be raising another child all on her own?! She’s reportedly pregnant with Jamie Foxx’s baby, but while they originally wanted to take their relationship to the next level and get married, a new report claims the plans have drastically changed. Get the scoop right here!

It was actually Jamie, 48, who originally got “panicked” about the pace at which things were moving, and asked the actress if they could postpone the wedding, according to OK! magazine. But it was Katie who decided to pull the plug entirely — and she told him they should just “cancel altogether!” UPDATE: A rep for Jamie has denied these reports, and says the singer was “never engaged.”

“Everything was going so well,” the mag’s insider claims. “But with this latest development, it’s understandable that Katie would start to feel insecure about the relationship. And she definitely wouldn’t want to raise another child on her own, as she’s been forced to do with Suri since she left Tom [Cruise].“

Katie is reportedly four months pregnant with her and Jamie’s baby girl, but according to the source, he plans on sticking by her, regardless of their relationship status.

“They love each other and everyone says they are really good together,” the insider explains. “Katie just has to get over this stumbling block. It’s the first real issue they’ve had, and while it’s a big one, it shouldn’t be a deal breaker.” This couple was first linked in 2013, although they’ve both made it a point to keep their romantic relationship private.

Katie and Jamie have both been spotted wearing matching gold bands on their wedding fingers in recent months, so it’s been speculated that they’ve actually already married in a low-key ceremony. Regardless of their official status, though, we just hope these two are happy!

Watch Katie Holmes in the thrilling Miss Meadows here on iTunes!

What do you think is going on in Katie and Jamie’s relationship, HollywoodLifers? Do you think they’ll ever go public?

