us.blastingnews.com/showbiz-tv/2017/06/is-drake-jealous-of-rihannas-new-beau-hassan-jameel-001813377.html

Ramon Sanchez, Jane Flowers, Tresa Patterson, Read More On The Same Topic D. T., Khloe Kardashian Steps Out In A Baggy Sweatshirt Amid Pregnancy Rumors, Scott Disick, Sofia Richie Make First Public Appearance After Italian Getaway, 'Dancing With The Stars' Pro Val Chmerkovskiy Gets Candid About Fatherhood

Is Drake jealous of Rihanna's new beau Hassan Jameel?

Rihanna got herself a hunky boyfriend but her ex-lover, Drake, doesn't think she deserves the dude. After the Barbadian singer heated up the internet with her photos with Hassan Jameel, the Canadian rapper reportedly reacted and said that he is wondering why his former girlfriend fell for the Arabian business tycoon.

Drake is reportedly starting to regret letting go of RiRi

A source told Hollywood Life that the "Thank Me Later" artist was "kinda jealous" when he found out that his ex-girlfriend is already seeing a new guy.

“Drake is kinda jealous of Rihanna’s new billionaire boyfriend. He has no idea why she likes this guy,” it said.

It added that despite their on-off relationship, the 30-year-old rapper is still affected whenever the "What's My Name" singer is caught up in dating rumors. “Drake thinks Rihanna is one of the baddest chicks’s ever and he doesn’t think this new guy deserves her at all,” the insider added.

Aside from him, rumor has it that Naomi Campbell, who previously dated Hassan, was "furious" when she saw her ex-boyfriend getting cozy with her former bestie.

The English model reportedly said that she is still "hotter and more successful" than RiRi and guaranteed that her relationship with him won't last long.

This rumor has caused the fans to speculate about Campbell and Rihanna's stained friendship which was first noticed by an eagle-eyed fan who figured out that the two have stopped following each other on social media earlier this year. When asked if she has a beef with her best friend, the 47-year-old model suggested that she is just pretending that everything is fine between them.

Rihanna and Hassan's Ibiza getaway

RiRi and Hassan, both 29, were first seen in public during their romantic vacation in Spain on Wednesday. Several photos of them getting all steamy in the swimming pool immediately went viral and had caused the public to start digging about the new guy. It was later revealed that he is the expected heir of a $1.5 billion business called Abdul Latif Jameel which has acquired the distribution rights to Toyota in Saudi Arabia.

Their family business has placed them in 12th spot on the list of richest Arabs in the world by Forbes.

Hassan currently works as the Deputy President and Vice Chairman of the said company. Aside from that, his family also owns Saudi Professional League or Jameel League which was founded in 1976.

After spending some down time at their luxury villa, Rihanna and her billionaire beau stepped out in public on the same day, where the singer was seen holding a bouquet of flowers while her the tycoon was all smiles walking behind his girl.

