www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/kylie-jenner-wedding-travis-scott-kendall-jenner-134224

Life, Style Magazine

Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott’s Wedding: Kendall Only Sister Who Knew

As Life & Style exclusively reported, Kylie Jenner secretly married Travis Scott in a small ceremony at her Calabasas mansion — but most of the 19-year-old’s famous family didn’t even know about it!

An insider reveals that the beauty mogul was scared about how her mom and siblings would react to the news. “Kendall [Jenner] is the only family member Kylie told. Kylie feels like she’s grown, and this is her way of breaking off from the family — especially from [momager] Kris,” the insider explains.

EXCLUSIVE: Kylie Jenner Showers Travis Scott With Gifts, Loves Being His Sugar Mama

“The reason Kylie didn’t tell Kris or most of her family about the wedding was because she knew they’d all panic and react negatively,” the insider adds.

The brunette beauty and her rapper beau have been glued to each other’s sides since they began dating just a couple of months ago. “They’re really sweet together and you can see they really dig each other,” a source previously told Hollywood Life. “They literally can’t keep their hands off each other when they are together — they’re always kissing and holding hands.”

The source continued, “She thinks he’s so hot and he thinks she’s the sexiest girl out there. He’s trying to play it cool, but it’s obvious that he’s really into her and he really spoils her, which she loves, obviously.”

But Kylie’s ex, Tyga, appears to be having a hard time accepting the duo’s relationship. The rapper seemingly disses the reality star in his new song “Playboy”, alluding to the fact that she’s super clingy. “She a superstar / She got it bad for me / If I hang up, she call right back to me / You cut her legs off / She crawls right back to me / I call it playboy tenacity,” he sings.

We can’t even imagine how he’ll react to news that she’s married!

For more details on Kylie’s wedding, pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now.

