radaronline.com/exclusives/2017/02/robert-f-kennedy-jr-cheryl-hines-marriage-miserable-camelot-hell/

Radar Staff, February

Robert F Kennedy Jr Cheryl Hines Marriage Miserable -- Wife In 'Camelot Hell' After Cheating Claims

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Marriage Meltdown! Cheryl Hines 'In Over Head' With Sex Freak RFK Jr.

Marriage Meltdown! Cheryl Hines 'In Over Head' With Sex Freak RFK Jr.

Marriage Meltdown! Cheryl Hines 'In Over Head' With Sex Freak RFK Jr. 'She wasn't just getting him, she also got his crazy family!'

Notorious horndog Robert F. Kennedy Jr.’s two-year marriage to actress Cheryl Hines is already on the rocks — and won’t last! That’s the claim of a Kennedy family insider, who told RadarOnline.com that the bubbly

That’s the claim of a Kennedy family insider, who told RadarOnline.com that the bubbly Curb Your Enthusiasm beauty has realized she’s “in over her head” with the unending dramas in the serial cheater’s family.

“Cheryl had no idea what she was getting into when she married Bobby,” said a Kennedy family insider.

“She wasn’t just getting him, she also got his crazy family!”

Hines, 51, married Kennedy, 63, in August 2014, despite dire warnings from pals to avoid the blatant bed-hopper.

Indeed, just weeks before the wedding, RadarOnline.com exclusively revealed that RFK Jr. was reportedly already two-timing her with socialite Chelsea Chapman Kirwan!

Meanwhile, Kirwan was tied up in her own nasty divorce from her plastic surgeon husband, who threatened to haul Kennedy into court as a wife-snatching witness in their split!

“She was so taken with the idea of being a Kennedy that she has blinders on as to what’s been going on behind her back,” feisty Kirwan told The National ENQUIRER in 2014.

Hines also has had a “horrible” time connecting with Kennedy’s kids Conor, 22, and Kyra, 21, the source claimed. Their alcoholic mom, Mary, was so severely depressed she tragically hanged herself in 2012.

“The kids have NEVER liked Cheryl. They have held a grudge against her,” one pal of RFK Jr. alleged.

In fact, Kennedy’s kids have made life difficult for their unwanted stepmom, according to the source.

Despite denials of any marital woes from Hines’ reps, a pal said, “She never tried to become their friend. The house is tense!”

Kennedy’s two youngest kids have already played out their problems with very public and embarrassing antics.

Conor, who dated Taylor Swift in 2012, was jailed after a drunken brawl outside an Aspen nightclub on Dec. 29.

Meanwhile, Kyra became a member of the infamous “Snap Pack” — a group of spoiled rich kids who post photos of their wild parties on social media.

When Kyra, then 19, was tossed from a New York nightclub for flashing a fake ID, she allegedly yelled, “I am a Kennedy. Google me!”

According to reports, her father was forced to shut down Kyra’s Instagram and Snapchat accounts in April after she “cyber bullied” a magazine writer.

Finally, in November, he shipped Kyra off to a “therapeutic boarding school” in Italy!

“Cheryl thought she was signing up for a fairy-tale life in Camelot,” the source claimed. “Instead, she’s miserable with this nightmare family!”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

