www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5225149/How-celebrities-celebrated-New-Years-Eve.html

Chloe Lee-Longhetti, Benge Nsenduluka For Daily Mail Australia

How the celebrities celebrated New Year's Eve

It's the biggest night of the year, New Year's Eve.

And a number of Australian celebrities and personalities made sure to have fun as they marked the occasion.

Sharing their night with fans, the likes of reality TV hopefuls Nadia Stamp and Simone Ormesher kissed, while Shanina Shaik said how much she couldn't wait for her wedding, while Hugh Jackman watched fireworks in Sydney.

Scroll down for video

'Kiss me!' Simone Ormesher (R) and Nadia Stamp (L) smooch while Shanina Shaik counts down her wedding and Hugh Jackman watches fireworks...How celebrities celebrated New Year's Eve

Simone took to her Instagram story to share a video of their night out in Melbourne, stunning in a silk green dress.

The Bachelor star shared a video and captioned it 'kiss me Nadia,' before the girls playfully peck each other.

They enjoyed a night out of dancing, with another Bachelor reject, Leah Costa, dancing seductively with a DJ on her night out.

Girl's night! They enjoyed a night out of dancing

Living it up! Bachelor reject, Leah Costa, danced seductively with a DJ on her night out

Weddng countdown: Meanwhile Australian model Shanina Shaik enjoyed a party that her fiance, DJ Ruckus was playing at

Meanwhile Australian model Shanina Shaik enjoyed a party that her fiance, DJ Ruckus was playing at.

Shanina stood in the DJ booth as she took a video, kissing her man.

She captioned the video saying she was looking forward to their wedding this year.

'Happy New Year!!! 2018!!! We getting married this year!!!!'

Hugh Jackman celebrated New Year's Eve in Sydney, and shared to Instagram a video of himself watching fireworks on Sydney Harbour.

Excited: Hugh Jackman celebrated New Year's Eve in Sydney, and shared to Instagram a video of himself watching fireworks on Sydney Harbour

Hugh wished his followers a Happy New Year's Eve, as the fireworks went off.

Another huge celebrity watching the fireworks on the bridge was Kylie Minogue, who posted shots of the landmark all lit up.

'#lovers, wishing one and all a new year full of joy, compassion, discovery, peace, music and love,' Kylie wrote.

Some stars enjoyed a relaxing night in to celebrate New Year's Eve, with Lindy Klim dancing at home with her children.

Bachelor stars Sam Wood and Snezana Markoski enjoyed time at home with their children, with Sam gushing over his family on Instagram.

Celebrate: Another huge celebrity watching the fireworks on the bridge was Kylie Minogue, who posted shots of the landmark all lit up

Low key: Some stars enjoyed a relaxing night in to celebrate New Year's Eve, with Lindy Klim dancing at home with her children

Sharing a sweet family snap, he wrote: '2015 - hmmm I might go on this reality show. End of 2017 - take a chance, discover who you are and what is truly important in life. I’ve ended up with my world full of three beautiful girls that fill my heart every waking minute and my dreams every moment I sleep. Love you Snez, Eve and Willow now and always.'

Jesinta Campbell and husband Buddy Franklin enjoyed wine and a cheese platter at home, with Jesinta gushing: 'Wouldn't have it any other way.'

Just the four of us! Bachelor stars Sam Wood and Snezana Markoski enjoyed time at home with their children, with Sam gushing over his family on Instagram

Night in: Jesinta Campbell and husband Buddy Franklin enjoyed wine and a cheese platter at home, with Jesinta gushing: 'Wouldn't have it any other way'

Jennifer Hawkins enjoyed a pizza night at home, making pizzas with her woodfire oven.

Pia Miller meanwhile, spent the night in Hawaii, where she's holidaying with her fiance Tyson Mullane and her sons.

Chrissie Swan took to Instagram and said she was happily on her couch for New Year's Eve.

'I *could* post pics from a cool NYE party but the fact is I am on my couch eating potato chips watching the countdown thing on SBS,' the quote read.

Relaxing: Pia Miller meanwhile, spent the night in Hawaii, where she's holidaying with her fiance Tyson Mullane and her sons

Model Laura Dundovic was seen partying with former Bachelor star Lana Jeavons-Fellows, with the pair sporting near matching outfits.

The former Miss Universe Australia showed off her fit physique in a denim skirt paired with a white crop top.

Lana wore a similar outfit, pairing a cleavage-baring netted top with a thigh-skimming skirt.

Twinning! Model Laura Dundovic was seen partying with former Bachelor star Lana Jeavons-Fellows, with the pair sporting near matching outfits

Busty! Former radio personality Mel Grieg put on a busty display in a plunging gold dress as she sipped champagne with former Bachelor star Heather Maltman at a party

Former radio personality Mel Grieg put on a busty display in a plunging gold dress as she sipped champagne with former Bachelor star Heather Maltman at a party.

Georgia Love and Lee Elliot gazed adoringly into each other's eyes at Circa in Melbourne.

Still going strong! The Bachelorette's Georgia Love and Lee Elliot gazed adoringly into each other's eyes at Circa in Melbourne

Ricki-Lee Coulter performed on stage at Fluffy nightclub in Brisbane.

The following morning she took to Instagram to gush about the night.

'LAST NIGHT was so much fun!!!!! I love that I got to bring in the new year with my faves!' she wrote.

