www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-moms/news/britney-spears-wants-a-baby-with-boyfriend-sam-asghari/

Us Weekly Staff

Britney Spears Wants a Baby With Boyfriend Sam Asghari





Britney Spears isn’t afraid to gush! So on February 5, she took to Instagram and Twitter for a shoutout to her boyfriend,. “I’ve been with this man for over a year… everyday (sic) he inspires me to be a better person and that makes me feel like the luckiest girl in the world!!” she wrote on a #relationshipgoals snap of the couple in front of a waterfall.

What would make her feel even luckier — an insider reveals in the new issue of Us Weekly — is having a baby with her beau. “Britney has talked with Sam about having babies together,” says the insider. “She was young when she had Sean and Jayden, and she feels much more mature now.”

The “Piece of Me” songstress first became a mom in 2005 when she welcomed son Sean Preston, now 12, with then-husband Kevin Federline. She had Sean’s brother, Jayden, almost exactly a year later.

Spears, 36, met Iranian fitness model Asghari, 23, on the set of her steamy “Slumber Party” video in 2016. And “the attraction was immediate,” says the insider. “They had intense chemistry.”

At first, no one on her team — least of all the chart topper — thought the union would last. “She wasn’t looking for a relationship. It just sort of happened,” a second source reveals in the new issue. “They were having fun and enjoying each other’s company, but then they fell in love.”

Now, adds the insider, it seems Spears has finally found her match. “Britney is head over heels in love with Sam. The relationship is very serious.” Marriage, however, isn’t high on her priority list, notes the insider: “It just doesn’t seem important to her at this point in her life.”

As for that 13-year age gap? Not a problem for young-at-heart Spears! “Sam has a lot more in common with Britney” than her past boyfriends, says the insider. “He’s very fun.” The singer last dated film producer Charlie Ebersol from 2014 to 2015, and was engaged to former manager Jason Trawick, whom she was with for about four years starting in 2009.

The model’s easygoing vibe is perfect for the singer — and her boys. When Spears is around him, says the source, “she always has a huge smile on her face. It’s really sweet.”

For his part, Asghari has plenty of fun with Spears’ sons. “Sam will skateboard with them around the gated community, play sports and spend a lot of time in the pool,” says the insider, adding that’s when the games really begin: “Squirt gun and water fights are a constant.”

Maybe that’s affecting Spears’ other desire. As the insider reveals, “She would love to have a baby girl.”

For more on Spears’ relationship with her man, pick up the new issue of Us Weekly on stands now.

With reporting by Nicholas Hautman and Jennifer Heger.

