celebrityinsider.org/brad-pitts-divorce-from-angelina-jolie-reportedly-took-a-toll-on-his-looks-100538/

Suzy Kerr

Brad Pitt’s Divorce From Angelina Jolie Reportedly ‘Took A Toll’ On His Looks

Various publications are reporting an unbelievable story that Brad Pitt underwent plastic surgery after his split from Angelina Jolie. Dr. Steve Fallek, New Jersey plastic surgeon – who has never met the actor – claims that his forehead looks smoother in recent pictures. Is it possible that one of the hottest men on the planet went under the knife?

According to Cafe Mom, Dr. Fallek goes on to say that Pitt looks to have some filler in his cheeks, mouth, and around the eyes to improve the lines. Plus, an unnamed source claims that the 54-year-old went to a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon to get Botox, fillers, and some eye work.

Stories surfaced last spring that Pitt felt the divorce has taken a toll on his looks, prompting his need for a little nip and tuck. But, could there be any truth to these rumors?

Gossip Cop says absolutely not, and this is just a tabloid’s attempt at end-of-the-year nonsense. Their “impeccable” Pitt source says that if he looks different, it’s because he has stopped drinking and is focused on healthy living.

An inside source recently told People that his divorce from Jolie was actually a good thing for the Fight Club star.

“In a sense, this split was good for Brad because he sized himself up and realized there had to be changes,” revealed the source.

The divorce is not yet final, but the former couple is doing everything they can to move forward and coordinate their schedules so they both can get quality time with their six children.

Per W Magazine, Pitt has put himself back out there and started “casually dating” a little more than a year after his split from Jolie. But, he’s not jumping in too fast and is not getting serious with anyone yet.

Pitt does have a history of serial monogamy, but he seems to be taking the natural step of moving on after a breakup with caution and not wanting to get seriously involved with anyone right away.

Since his split from Jolie, tabloids have linked him to different actresses, including Jennifer Lawrence, Sienna Miller, and Kate Hudson, but all have denied the allegations. Plus, the rumor that he was dating 21-year-old Ella Purnell, a young Jolie look-a-like, was nothing more than outrageous fan fiction.

Advertisement

Pitt told GQ Style last May that he has changed a lot since his marriage ended and he is happy to be sober. When the interviewer asked why he stopped drinking, Brad Pitt replied that he simply didn’t want to live that way anymore.

