www.wetpaint.com/kris-jenner-caitlyn-jenner-memoir-kuwtk-video-1584594/

April

Kris Jenner Is Furious Over Caitlyn Jenner’s Memoir: “None of It Makes Sense” (VIDEO)

Kris Jenner Is Furious Over Caitlyn Jenner’s Memoir: “None of It Makes Sense” (VIDEO)

by 0 Shares

Advertisement

Kris Jenner is done with Caitlyn Jenner. It’s no secret the former couple’s relationship has been tense the past couple of years, but things really come to a head on Sunday’s episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians.

The momager is frustrated with the former Olympian’s memoir, The Secrets of My Life, and doesn’t like how she’s portrayed.

"I read it and basically the only nice thing she had to say was that I was great socially at a party one time," the 61-year-old tells daughters Kim Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian.

"But yet, he stayed married to you the longest. So, it doesn't make sense,” Kim says back.

"None of it makes sense. Everything she says is all made up. Why does everything have to be that Kris is such a bitch and an a—hole?" the mother of six continues.

In the memoir, which hits stands April 25, the 67-year-old claims Kris knew about her identity long before she decided to transition. "I was curious and said, 'What the hell is going on?' She said, 'You just would never understand,'" Kris says.

"And then, all through the book, Kris knew. 'Kris knew before I even made love to her.' I'm like, 'What?'" As expected, the Kardashian daughters are on their mom's side.

"My mom's been putting in so much effort trying so hard to have a good relationship for their kids together," Kanye West’s wife shares.

"Caitlyn has every right to feel however she feels, but why bring my mom into it one more time? I just feel so bad for my mom."



After years of working to repair their relationship, Kris is done trying.

"I really tried hard to improve the relationship and spend a little bit of time, thinking maybe there's something here that I'm not seeing," she says. "I've done nothing but open up my home and my heart to a person who doesn't give a s—t. So, I'm done."

Credit: Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images

