radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/05/jennifer-aniston-justin-theroux-dog-custody-fight/

Radar Staff, May

Jennifer Aniston & Justin Theroux In Dog Custody Fight

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Divorce Gone To The Dogs! Exes Jen & Justin In Canine Custody Fight

Divorce Gone To The Dogs! Exes Jen & Justin In Canine Custody Fight

Divorce Gone To The Dogs! Exes Jen & Justin In Canine Custody Fight Aniston & Theroux are barking over who gets to keep their prized pooches.

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux‘s divorce has turned into a real dog fight!

Sources close to Aniston, 49, and Theroux, 46, told RadarOnline.com that the battling exes have bared their fangs over the future of their four canines.

“The custody of the dogs is a massive sticking point in their divorce agreement!” said a source.

The A-list couple announced they were heading toward a $225 million bust-up on Feb. 15 amid rumors of Theroux’s cheating and his disappointment over not having kids.

“Jen was hurt when she heard he’s been blaming her for them not having a family. They’re at the stage that they’ll do anything to hurt each other,” the source claimed.

It’s no secret the Marley & Me actress is deeply attached to all of the family hounds, including Dolly, a white shepherd mix; Sophie, a pit bull mix; Clyde, a terrier; and a gray pit bull Theroux keeps in New York City.

“Clyde, the little one, always sleeps at my feet,” Aniston gushed in 2015.

But insiders said Theroux’s recent claim he can’t live without the pooches is a bunch of doggie doo-doo!

“Most of us believe Justin’s using the dogs as pawns — as some divorcing couples do with the kids — to squeeze more money out of their settlement!” barked one insider.

“There’s no way she’s going to let him get his hands on her money — OR her mutts!”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

