www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/5594388/jennifer-aniston-justin-theroux-split-marriage-reason-fights-neighbour/

Ellie Genower

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux’s furious fights with New York neighbour and his bike being covered in sausage the ‘real reason for their split’, claim reports

JENNIFER Aniston and Justin Theroux's split was a long time coming with "rows with their neighbours" one of the main reasons for their break up.

According to new reports, the couple also argued about where to live, while a bizarre "bologna incident" only added to the tension.

5 Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux, pictured last April, announced their divorce yesterday with 'differences over where to live' one of the main reasons Credit: Rex Features

The couple yesterday announced they were "lovingly" divorcing after just two years of marriage.

A source told Entertainment Tonight that Justin prefers living in New York and "that's been a major issue for the couple for a long time".

Although Jen was initially happy to make a go of things in the city and moved into an apartment in the West Village with Justin, 46, she found herself constantly being snapped by paparazzi.

The paps would often set up shop in a small park opposite the apartment to photograph the actress, 49, coming and going, which upset the neighbours.

5 Justin lived a more care-free life in New York city than Jen, who was often snapped by paparazzi Credit: Rex Features

5 Jennifer, pictured in New York back in 2016, was never happy in the city Credit: Rex Features

The source recalled: "There was the construction, which is obviously a nuisance, but what really p***ed off the neighbours was just the constant commotion outside their door all the time with the photographers.

"It made for an awkward living situation for Jen and Justin because they knew the neighbours weren't happy.

"Justin can hop on his bike, walk in the neighbourhood, hang at a bar and all that without being bothered, but for Jen, the paparazzi are all over her."

At one point, Justin found his beloved motorbike covered with bologna sausage slices, which is said to have infuriated the Friends star who was convinced the neighbours did it.

5 Jennifer, posing at her Bel Air apartment for the cover of Architectural Digest, was much happier on the West Coast Credit: Architectural Digest

The source said: "She just never really could get settled in, she wasn't happy [in New York]."

The couple ended up selling the West Village apartment, but Justin tellingly kept his Greenwich Village pad.

Although he would stay there when they were on the East Coast, Jen would opt to stay in a luxury hotel.

Eventually, Justin agreed to move to Los Angeles.

But his friendship circle was still in New York and he "constantly came up with reasons to return", according to the website.

Although the couple "really wanted" to make things work, they couldn't keep the marriage going and they split at the end of last year.

5 Justin, pictured in Los Angeles, kept finding excuses to return to the East Coast, according to Entertainment Tonight Credit: Rex Features

Justin Theroux missed his audition for friends because he slept in

The statement, released by Jennifer's publicist, reads: “In an effort to reduce any further speculation, we have decided to announce our separation.

"This decision was mutual and lovingly made at the end of last year.

"We are two best friends who have decided to part ways as a couple, but look forward to continuing our cherished friendship.

Most Read in TV Showbiz BRAVE FACE I'm A Celeb's Jac Jossa puts wedding ring back ON & says she's 'absolutely fine' QUEEN'S RULING Jac Jossa is first winner to EVER cancel live TV chats after threesome claim THE ENDER LoU? EastEnders fans convinced Linda will kill Louise on Christmas Day Exclusive CASHING IN I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline will make £1m in a year months after huge tax bill hitting back Natalie Nunn slams Chloe Ayling as she breaks silence on Dan Osborne threesome Exclusive BEN AND GONE ITV bosses considered replacing Phillip Schofield with GMB host Ben Shephard LEAN OF THE JUNGLE Jac Jossa's weight loss hailed by fans in snaps taken just 3 weeks apart HUD-SON! Corrie's Lucy-Jo Hudson reveals she’s having a baby boy after Alan Halsall split CORRIE ON... I'm A Celeb's Andy desperate to return to 'boring life' of Asda and his sofa Exclusive JOSSA GIVES TOSSA FINAL CHANCE Jac forgives Dan but warns cheat 'one strike & it's over'

"Normally we would do this privately, but given that the gossip industry cannot resist an opportunity to speculate and invent, we wanted to convey the truth directly.

"Whatever else is printed about us that is not directly from us, is someone else’s fictional narrative.

"Above all, we are determined to maintain the deep respect and love that we have for one another.”

There are currently no additional details as to why they have decided to split.

Justin and Jennifer got together in 2011, and became engaged in 2012.

The pair had met through mutual friends and had worked on a series of films together, including 2008's Tropic Thunder and Wanderlust in 2011.

Jennifer Aniston insists she should not be made to feel bad because she does not have kids

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.

We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

