www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-5651287/Will-Harry-Meghan-JOINT-stag-hen-do.html

Emily Chan, Emily Chan For Mailonline

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle planning joint stag and hen do

Prince Harry and Meghan are set to have a joint stag and hen do just days before the wedding, according to sources.

The couple are said to be planning a 'private dinner followed by games' in May, as well as having a rehearsal dinner prior to the big day at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle.

A source said that Meghan, 36, 'wants to wait until her friends are in the UK before having her hen party.'

This would mean that close friends including Jessica Mulroney, who is based in Toronto, will be able to attend.

Prince Harry and Meghan are believe to be planning a joint stag and hen do just days before their wedding in May

Speaking to OK! magazine, the source said: 'Meghan wants to wait until her friends are in the UK for the wedding before having her hen party. She wants a joint party with Harry and his friends.

'It won't be anything too wild, they're planning a private dinner followed by games'.

It was previously reported that Meghan had enjoyed a low-key hen-do at Soho Farmhouse with close pals.

The £6,000-a-night members' club holds fond memories for Meghan as she has previously stayed there with Millie Mackintosh, as well as visiting twice with fiance Harry during their whirlwind romance.

A source said that Meghan, 36, wants to wait until her friends, including Jessica Mulroney (pictured), are in the UK before having her hen party

The early hen do in March was believed to have been organised by Meghan's friend Markus Anderson, a consultant at Soho House Group.

A source told E! at the time: 'Markus Anderson has helped throw the shower for Meghan and a small group of mostly her London friends.

'It's just a relaxing day of good food and pampering."

Two key people that were missing from the gathering were the bride's mother Doria, as well as the Duchess of Cambridge, who was heavily pregnant at the time.

Meghan is said to have enjoyed a low-key hen do at Soho Farmhouse with close pals in March

There have been suggestions Prince Andrew has offered his £13m chalet in the Swiss ski resort of Verbier (pictured) for Harry's own stag do

Other members of Meghan's high-profile girl gang including Serena Williams, actress Priyanka Chopra, Suits co-star Abigail Spencer and fashion designer Misha Nonoo, also did not attend.

However, Meghan's pals who live abroad are expected to attend the actress's joint hen and stag do next month.

It was previously reported that Prince Andrew had offered his £13million chalet in the Swiss ski resort of Verbier to Harry and his friends for his stag do.

Harry's close friend Tom Inskip and Prince William are believed to be in charge of planning the stag party.

