metro.co.uk/2017/07/03/is-eric-benet-upset-with-jay-z-or-not-new-reports-claim-he-turned-up-at-hovs-house-for-a-fight-over-shady-lyrics-6751298/

Tobi Akingbade

Eric Benet 'confronted JAY-Z for a fight over 4:44 lyrics'

Did Eric Benet take his war with Jay-Z into physical territory? (Photo credit: Getty)

Despite earlier reports that Eric Benet was ‘thrilled’ with Jay-Z name dropping him in new lyric, the singer reportedly turned up at the rappers house over the weekend demanding a fight.

I’m A Celebrity’s Jacqueline Jossa ‘forgives’ Dan Osborne but gives him ultimatum

Eric Benet may have reached a breaking point with Jay-Z and went looking for a fight with the rapper, who did throw some very direct shade at him on the first track of 4:44, according to a new MediaTakeOut.com report.

Jay made reference to Eric’s alleged unfaithfulness to ex-wife, Halle Berry in Kill Jay-Z.

Eric Benet and ex-wife Halle Berry who allegedly cheated on (Picture: Getty Images)

The rapper, real name Shawn Carter, raps: ‘You almost went Eric Benét, let the baddest girl in the world get away / I don’t even know what else to say, n**ga never go Eric Benét,’

Advertisement

Advertisement

Speaking to USA Today at an airport on 30 June, Eric even joked about Jay-Z owing him some royalties for the name dropped

‘It’s like yo, bro, where are my royalties?’

At the time, he didn’t seem annoyed by the name drop, in fact he said it was ‘all love’.

He’s also been said to say that ‘it’s all love’. Is he upset or not? (Picture: FilmMagic)

He added: ‘But it’s all love…everything he makes is always fire, and once again he did not disappoint. It’s kind of unreal being mentioned in his lyrics, but like I said, it’s all love’

But according to these new reports from MediaTakeOut.com, Eric drove over to JAY-Z’s Malibu mansion on 1 July and asked security to tell Jay to come outside and fight.

An insider allegedly said: ‘Jay was inside enjoying his family. He doesn’t have time for any of [Eric Benet’s] nonsense.’

Metro.co.uk has reached out to representatives for both JAY-Z and Eric for a comment.

MORE: ‘Where are my royalties!’: Eric Benét wants his money for the epic name drop Jay-Z made on new album 4:44

MORE: Kim Kardashian is apparently pissed with JAY-Z for calling Kanye West ‘insane’ in 4:44 lyrics

