www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5980043/Adam-Sandler-cuts-relaxed-figure-hangs-family.html

Charlotte Dean For Mailonline

Adam Sandler cuts a relaxed figure as he hangs out with his family

He is currently filming Murder Mystery in the idyllic Italian town of Portofino.

And Adam Sandler made the most of a filming break, as he spent some quality time with his family exploring the local area on Sunday.

The actor, 51, was spotted with his glamorous wife Jackie, 43, and their two daughters Sadie, 12, and Sunny, nine.

Casual: Adam Sandler made the most of a filming break as he spent some quality time with his family exploring the local area on Sunday

Actress Jackie nailed daytime glamour in a flirty floral frock as she ambled through the town, showcasing her lithe frame in the pink number.

She paired her dress with black flipflops and rounded pink reflective shades, wearing her chestnut locks in natural loose waves.

The family appeared in high-spirits as they spent time together while Adam continued filming his new Netflix flick Murder Mystery.

Family affair: The actor, 51, was spotted with his glamorous wife Jackie, 43, and their two daughters Sadie, 12, and Sunny, nine

Glam: Actress Jackie nailed daytime glamour in a flirty floral frock as she ambled through the town, showcasing her lithe frame in the pink number

Kicking back: She paired her dress with black flipflops and rounded pink reflective shades, wearing her chestnut locks in natural loose waves

Meanwhile, Adam kept it casual in a loose-fitting blue T-shirt and basketball-style shorts, which boasted sections of navy, white and red.

The star ensured he shielded his eyes from the rays with a pair of dark shades as he chatted away on his mobile during the outing.

Following their stroll through town the family stopped by the swimming pool for a quick dip so that they could cool off from the high temperatures.

Quality time: The family appeared in high-spirits as they spent time together while Adam continued filming his new Netflix flick Murder Mystery

Exploring: Meanwhile, Adam kept it casual in a loose-fitting blue T-shirt and basketball-style shorts, which boasted sections of navy, white and red

Dressed-down: The star ensured he shielded his eyes from the rays with a pair of dark shades as he chatted away on his mobile during the outing

Adam has come together again with his Just Go With It co-star Jennifer Aniston to work on Netflix comedy Murder Mystery.

The A-listers, according to Variety, will play a New York-based couple who are eyed in the killing of an older billionaire in Europe.

James Vanderbilt wrote the script, and Kyle Newacheck of Workaholics fame will direct, according to the outlet.

Reunited: Adam has come together again with his Just Go With It co-star Jennifer Aniston to work on Netflix comedy Murder Mystery

Plot: The A-listers, according to Variety, will play a New York-based couple who are eyed in the killing of an older billionaire in Europe

The comedy veterans had been itching to collaborate again after Just Go With It rumbled to $215 million in international receipts, with $103 million domestically following its release in February of 2011, insiders told the publication.

The comedy also featured Brooklyn Decker, Nicole Kidman and, in an acting turn, Dave Matthews.

Murder Mystery will be the first production Jennifer has worked on for the streaming service, while Adam has well-established himself as one of its feature stars, with projects under his belt such as Sandy Wexler, The Ridiculous Six and The Do-Over.

Sandler stars alongside Chris Rock in The Week Of, which will hit the service later next month.

Chatting: James Vanderbilt wrote the script, and Kyle Newacheck of Workaholics fame will direct, according to the outlet

Money makers: The comedy veterans had been itching to collaborate again after Just Go With It rumbled to $215 million in international receipts

Last April, the comedy veteran inked a four-picture pact with the streaming service, saying in a statement that he loves 'working with Netflix and collaborating with them.

'I love how passionate they are about making movies and getting them out there for the whole world to see,' Sandler said. 'They’ve made me feel like family and I can’t thank them enough for their support.'

Netflix's Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos called Sandler 'one of the leading comedians in the film world,' adding that 'his movies have proven to be extremely successful with our subscribers around the world' in announcing the multi-picture deal.

Following their stroll through town the family stopped by the swimming pool for a quick dip so that they could cool off from the high temperatures

First timer: Murder Mystery will be the first production Jennifer has worked on for the streaming service

