hollywoodlife.com/2014/11/11/jennifer-aniston-forgives-brad-pitt-angelina-jolie-cheating-break-up/

Tierney Mcafee

Jennifer Aniston Forgives Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie For Cheating

Jen explains how she found it in her heart to forgive Brad and Angelina in a candid new interview in the December/January issue of ‘Harper’s Bazaar’, and her words are truly inspiring! Check it out.

Jennifer Aniston, 45, has finally found happiness with fiance Justin Theroux, 43, but her road to true love was definitely bumpy! After enduring a very public and painful split from ex-husband Brad Pitt, 50, who allegedly cheated on her with his Mr & Mrs. Smith co-star Angelina Jolie, 39, Jen has found a way to forgive the “unforgivable” and achieve inner peace. Here’s how she did it!

Jennifer Aniston Forgives Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie For Cheating

Jennifer opens up like never before to Harper’s Bazaar about her marriage to Brad, her future with Justin, and learning to forgive.

I’m “a forgiving person,” she says. “I absolutely am. I think it’s extremely important to forgive. Otherwise it just builds up like toxic waste. There’s nothing worse than holding a grudge. Listen, people can do unforgivable things, but you have to let it go and say, ‘Look, we’re all human beings. We make mistakes.’ To hold any kind of resentment is like taking rat poison and waiting for the rat to die.”

Wow, Jen is a true inspiration! She has clearly grown and learned so much since the demise of her marriage to Brad and we couldn’t be prouder of her. No wonder she was finally ready for the man of her dreams to come along!

Jennifer Aniston: Brad Pitt’s Betrayal Prepared Her For Justin Theroux’s Love

Of course, Jen ended up getting her fairytale ending too — with fiance Justin Thereox! And she says everything she went through with Brad actually helped prepare her for her new life with Justin.

“[Taking time] really helped me get to a place where I was more comfortable with myself, truly ready for love and for a partner,” she explains. “The past wasn’t ‘less than.’ It was extremely important to my growth as a woman. But if you take the law of attraction, if you only love yourself 70 percent, that’s what’s going to come back to you. So you fill up that 30 percent, then all of a sudden there’s this pure, good love standing right in front of you. Then you realize, ‘Oh, this can be easy! It doesn’t have to be so hard.'”

Now Jen couldn’t be happier with Justin. “He’s one of the most humble, decent human beings. He’s not an a**,” she says.

HollywoodLifers, do YOU admire Jen for forgiving Brad and Angelina? Do you agree with Jen that it’s important to forgive? Share your thoughts in the comments section below!

— Tierney McAfee

More Jennifer Aniston News:

