www.thehollywoodgossip.com/2018/08/sofia-richie-to-kourtney-kardashian-stay-away-from-scott-disick/

Tyler Johnson

Sofia Richie to Kourtney Kardashian: Stay Away From Scott Disick!

It's been over a year since we first learned that Sofia Richie is dating Scott Disick.

It's one of those relationships that's tough to wrap your head around, and not just because of the massive age gap.

Sure, Scott is 15 years Sofia's senior, but that wouldn't be so strange if they were 40 and 55.

At 20 and 35, however, it's a little odd.

Here, we have a woman who can't even legally purchase a cocktail in a serious relationship with a man who has three kids by his baby mama -- who's been famous since Sofia was in grade school.

It's an unusual situation, to put it mildly.

And now that Kourtney Kardashian has dumped Younes Bendjima, the whole scenario might get even weirder.

You see, rumor has it that Sofia feels threatened by Kourtney.

Sources say she's constantly worried about Scott leaving her to try and make his family whole again.

And now that Kourtney is back on the market, her concerns might be justified.

“Sofia is furious that Scott and Kourtney are hanging out again,” one insider tells In Touch Weekly.

“She understands that they have to remain civil for the kids but has become convinced that Kourtney is trying to steal back her man."

Sofia is reportedly so worried about the situation that she's taken steps to try and ensure that

"She recently reached out to her and told her to back off," says the source.

As for the Lord himself, it seems Scott feels that he's stuck between a rock and a hard place.

“Scott’s caught in the middle,” the insider claims.

“He loves Sofia but will always have a soft spot for Kourtney.”

Those who know Scott best say that as much as he's enamored with Sofia, those feelings will eventually go stale, and he'll come running back to Kourtney.

In fact, Scott recently revealed that he's considered reconciling with Kourtney.

"We always said we'd try to get back together when we're 40," he said on an episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians.

Considering Kourtney is currently 39, Sofia may have real cause for concern.

Hopefully, if the relationship fizzles, she'll quickly realize she dodged a bullet by not ending up with Scott.

