www.digitalspy.com/movies/aquaman/news/a859502/aquaman-first-look-at-nicole-kidman-as-atlanna-black-manta/

Justin Harp

Aquaman offers first look at Nicole Kidman's Atlanna and villainous Black Manta

Good news, DC Comics fans. The first look at Aquaman super-villain Black Manta is a pretty faithful adaptation of the comics.

The upcoming blockbuster, which Warner Bros bosses are already promising will set the DCEU back on the right path, has unveiled three new images ahead of the film's launch later this year.

The first of which is The Greatest Showman and The Handmaid's Tale actor Yahya Abdul-Mateen II as David Kane, a bounty and treasure hunter who uses the alias Black Manta.

Director James Wan describes the live-action version of Black Manta as "part mercenary but full-time pirate", which is a pretty spot-on description of the comics version of the character.

Wan also clarifies that although Black Manta has a key role to play in Aquaman, the key conflict will be between Arthur Curry (Jason Momoa) and his brother Orm (Patrick Wilson).

"Black Manta is a really interesting character who is somehow factored into this story but our main story is about Jason and Patrick," he teased.

EW also premiered alternate covers for its upcoming issue that include the first glimpse of Nicole Kidman as Atlanna, the former Queen of Atlantis and mother of Aquaman's bride Mera (Amber Heard), before sharing three stills from the film too.

In this magazine profile, James Wan teases that his underwater world will include a gritty recreation of the infamous Super Friends scene of Aquaman riding a seahorse, juxtaposed with cannibal trench-dwellers, sea dragons and a giant octopus.

"The water world my movie takes place in is so separate and so far apart from previous DC movies it's like I'm making my own sci-fi fantasy film," Wan said. "This is a whole new underwater world nobody has seen before in live action."

Aquaman is released in cinemas on December 14.

Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.

