www.travelerstoday.com/articles/45288/20170411/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-snubbed-kate-middleton-prince-william-report.htm

Travel Today News

Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Snubbed By Kate Middleton And Prince William Report Debunked

Kate Middleton and Prince William are not spared from rumors and malicious reports despite their stature. But the rumors of them snubbing Kim Kardashian and Kanye West was debunked.

(Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images)

Kate Middleton and Prince William despite their stature in the world are not spared from rumors and unfounded reports that put the royal couple in a bad light. One of them is the report that they snubbed the power couple Kim Kardashian and Kanye West.

The report said that Kardashian feels that Middleton and Prince William are snubbing or disinterested in meeting her and her husband. The royal couple allegedly turned down the invitation to attend West's concert a couple of times. The "Keeping up with the Kardashians" star feels that it is snobbery towards her.

The mother of two was not in good terms with Beyonce. She knew that the royal couple met with her during a Nets game with her husband Jay Z. Kardashian feels that Beyonce has an edge over her. Kim Kardashian was allegedly hurt especially that Middleton is her idol.

Gossip Cop debunked the above-mentioned report as fake news because it was not from a reliable source. Knowing the Duke and the Duchess of Cambridge are busy people, missing an invitation is unlikely but if not done beforehand, the possibility is that it cannot be accommodated into their schedules.

The Siver Times reiterated a report that the royal couple saw Kim Kardashian and her husband as a has-been. In 2015, a report has mentioned that Kim and her husband has been inviting the royal couple but were turned down again and again.

Kim sent Princess Charlotte a custom-made dress from Kanye's clothing line but it was returned. One time, when Kim heard that Middleton was coming to the White House, she reportedly asked then First Lady Michelle Obama to have them met. But the First Lady declined.

Whether Kate Middleton does not want a friendship with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West is not known but the Duchess snubbing them for no reason is not true as debunked by Gossip Cop.

See Now: The U.S. had the highest number of Most Wanted properties, dominating the Hotels.com Loved By Guests Awards 2018

