www.thisisinsider.com/jennifer-lawrence-brad-pitt-dating-reports-watch-what-happens-live-video-2018-3

Olivia Singh

Jennifer Lawrence finally addressed the reports that she's dating Brad Pitt

Jennifer Lawrence appeared on Bravo's "Watch What Happens Live" on Thursday, March 1 and responded to the reports that she was dating Brad Pitt.

When a caller asked her if the two stars were "secretly dating," the "Red Sparrow" actress denied it.

Even though she says the reports weren't true, Lawrence admitted that she didn't mind the speculation too much.

"No," she said. "I've met him once in like, 2013, so it was very random, but I also wasn't like, in a hurry to debunk it."

In December 2017, it was speculated that Lawrence and Pitt were dating.

In December 2017, it was reported that Jennifer Lawrence was dating Brad Pitt, but the "Red Sparrow" actress has now cleared up the speculation and revealed it's not true.

While appearing on Bravo's "Watch What Happens Live" on Thursday, Lawrence answered questions from fans who called in, and one viewer from Pennsylvania asked if the reports of her dating Pitt were true. Lawrence denied them, and explained that they only met once a few years ago.

Even though the speculation was false, she admitted that she didn't mind being paired with Pitt.

"No," she said. "I've met him once in like, 2013, so it was very random, but I also wasn't like, in a hurry to debunk it."

Speculation of Lawrence and Pitt dating surfaced in December 2017, with reports stating that Pitt "had his eye on Jennifer for years" and they were "enjoying lots of late nights together."

Lawrence has been single since she split with Darren Aronofsky, who directed "Mother!," in 2017 and Pitt has been single since he split with Angelina Jolie in 2016.

Lawrence also isn't the first actor to be linked to Pitt. In November 2017, Kate Hudson appeared on "Watch What Happens Live" and addressed the reports that she was dating Pitt. Like Lawrence, she didn't seem to mind the report and called it "kind of awesome."

"I kind of liked it," Hudson said. "I was like, 'OK, fine. We're having twins!'"

Sign up here to get INSIDER's favorite stories straight to your inbox.

