www.ibtimes.co.in/pregnant-kate-middleton-vows-protect-meghan-markle-camilla-752692

Dishya Sharma

Pregnant Kate Middleton vows to protect Meghan Markle from Camilla?

Ever since the news broke that Prince Harry was dating Meghan Markle, the actress has been flooded with negative criticism. Things did not change, or rather took a disgusting turn, when the couple announced their engagement.

Numerous people expressed their unhappiness over the royal marrying the Suits star, prime among them being Harry's stepmother Camilla.

However, the soon-to-be-royal has maintained her composure, not reacting to the negativity. While the royal family has also chosen to ignore this, apparently Kate Middleton has taken it upon herself to protect Markle.

According to Australian magazine New Idea, the Duchess of Cambridge has vowed to shield Markle through the whole thing.

"Kate's been there and done that and knows how hard those first few weeks of royal life can be. Kate learnt very early on that you have to have thick skin to handle Camilla and all the critics that come out of the woodwork to have a swipe at you," claimed a palace insider.

Knowing how bad the situation could get, Kate has apparently swooped in to rescue Markle.

"Kate, as a result, has vowed to take Meghan under her wing and shelter her through it all. Harry is like a brother to Kate, and she's never seen him so happy. She wants to protect Meghan from all the negative parts of royal life and – in particular – from Camilla," the source said.

The magazine further reported that there are rumours doing the rounds that Camilla is unhappy about Meghan and Harry's relationship as she feels the actress is "not suited for royal life."

A source told GLOBE recently that Camilla has been making snide remarks about Markle. Apparently, Camilla has been "brazen hussy" and "an embarrassment to the royal family."

The insider claimed Markle being "previously divorced, a commoner and not even British" as a huge drawback in the eyes of Prince Charles' wife.

Due to these remarks, it has been claimed that Markle was hurt and Kate decided to help her out.

"In the end, it was Kate who got Meghan back on the straight and narrow. She's determined to not let her ex-friend Camilla, or anyone, get to her. Kate's really helped her see that she's marrying Harry because she loves him and she just has to let all the negativity wash past her," New Idea's source said.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are set to exchange their vows in May next year.

