www.intouchweekly.com/posts/kim-kardashian-single-mom-kanye-west-159328

Melissa Copelton

Kim Kardashian "Feels like a Single Mom" Amid Kanye West's Breakdown

The Kardashian baby daddy drama continues, except this time, the spotlight is on Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. (Move over, Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson!) With Kanye’s behavior growing more erratic by the second, no one can blame the mother-of-three for wanting a divorce.

According to Life & Style, Kim believes Kanye is too focused on his career right now, and she’s “done with her husband always putting himself first.” When the rapper announced he’ll be dropping two new albums in June, it was the final straw.

Trouble is, Kim and Kanye have kids in the mix — North, 4, Saint, 2, and Chicago, three months — who make the situation all the more complicated. “Kim is pissed that [Kanye will] be off traveling the world promoting his music while she’s left at home feeling like a single mom with three small kids,” the source explained. “She accuses Kanye of being selfish.” Kanye definitely doesn’t see things that way. In fact, he “disagrees and blames ‘selfish’ Kim for their issues,” noted the source. “He doesn’t believe Kim is always there for him.”

Despite the 40-year-old’s reservations about his wife’s support, Kim has been on Team Kanye since the beginning — making his claims all the more outlandish. Even after her sisters Kylie, Khloé, and Kourtney all unfollowed Kanye on Twitter for his Trump-loving rant, she defended him.

In fact, Kim didn’t just risk family, but friends too! John Legend and wife Chrissy Teigen both unfollowed Kanye in the wake of his “MAGA” tweets, Pedestrian reports, as did Harry Styles, Kendrick Lamar, Rihanna, Teyana Taylor, and Travis Scott.

While the KKW Beauty mogul was willing to put up with Kanye’s antics then, she’s had enough. With two young children and an infant at home, it’s just gotten out of hand. “Kim is tired of covering for him and putting out fires that he keeps creating,” added the insider. “She can’t take it anymore.”

