www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3066700/A-surrogate-gave-birth-Kate-say-Russians-Pro-Kremlin-newspaper-makes-series-bizarre-claims-birth.html

Will Stewart In Moscow For The Daily Mail

Kate Middleton didn't give birth to Royal Baby according to Russian newspaper

Russians yesterday insisted there had been a conspiracy over the royal birth and a surrogate mother must have carried the baby princess.

Others bizarrely claimed the child – who shares her birthday with Catherine the Great of Russia – was born several days earlier with the event kept secret.

A leading pro-Kremlin paper also claimed the Duchess of Cambridge ‘put the health of her daughter at risk for the sake of her subjects’ by appearing in public so soon.

Scroll down for video

Russians yesterday insisted there had been a conspiracy over the royal birth and a surrogate mother must have carried the baby princess

Russian women said it was ‘impossible’ for Prince William’s wife to look so good immediately after the birth.

‘If she really gave birth naturally, it was surely some days ago,’ said one woman commenting on the story in Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper.

Another wrote: ‘Look at the baby – she does not look like a newborn at all. She is at least three days old.

‘There is nothing which would help a woman, even if she gave birth with the help of best doctors, stand up five hours after giving birth – and leave the clinic on her feet.’

Then came the extraordinary allegation that the Duchess had not even given birth to the Princess.

‘It was a surrogate mother who gave birth but not her,’ said one. ‘Kate must have been wearing a fake belly… It is just not real to walk yourself several hours after birth and wave to the public.’

Others agreed it was ‘impossible for Kate to look so radiant’. ‘She did not give birth, I am sure,’ said one. ‘There is no special maternal look in her eyes – this natural thing is not visible. Look at Diana. This Kate is just an actress from Buckingham Palace theatre. She never gave birth!’

Another commenter insisted: ‘Only men and girls who never gave birth can believe in this story.’

Russian women said it was ‘impossible’ for Prince William’s wife to look so good immediately after the birth. Above, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are pictured introducing Prince George (left) to the world in 2013 and now their daughter (right)

Others agreed it was impossible for Kate to look so radiant, with some saying there was no 'maternal look' in her eyes

And another added: 'I thought this too - that the baby is at least 7-10 days old. First of all, she is too big for a newborn, and secondly, the face is smooth and pale.'

The paper quizzed Moscow gynaecologist Olga Perovskaya who advised Russian women not to follow Kate’s example.

‘In our country an average mother leaves the maternity hospital in three or four days if everything is all right,’ she said. She praised the Duchess’ ‘heroic deed’ in emerging hours after giving birth, but stressed: ‘Of course it is risky.

‘A crowd of people is not at all a sterile environment – she could have caught a virus flying around.’

