www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2085230/Khloe-Kardashian-TWO-fathers-ex-wives-claim-expressed-doubts-paternity.html

Alanah Eriksen

'Khloe is not a Kardashian': TWO of her father's ex-wives claim he expressed doubts over paternity

'Khloe is not a Kardashian': TWO of her father's ex-wives claim he expressed doubts over the paternity of the youngest sister

Father Robert's ex-wives allege he said she wasn't his child

Khloe hits out at wives on Twitter calling them 'disgusting' and 'low'

Mum Kris has admitted to affairs during marriage to late lawyer



More drama erupted for Kim Kardashian and her family, as the ex-wife of her late father today claimed Kim's sister Khloe was not his daughter.



Two of Robert Kardashian's ex-wives have come forward saying he confided in them that he was unsure of the paternity of the now-27-year-old.

Jan Ashley, who married the businessman after Khloe's mother Kris Jenner, said: 'Khloe is not his kid -- he told me that after we got married.'

And Ellen Pierson, 63, who married Robert in 2003 just two months before his death, has also come forward after eight years of silence to 'tell the truth' about the Kardashian family.

Claims: Two of Robert Kardashian's ex-wives have come forward claiming the lawyer told them Khloe Kardashian, left, was not his real daughter, like older sisters Kim and Kourtney

The reality star has hit back at the claims, calling them 'really low'.

In an explosive interview with Star magazine, Ashley said: 'He just kind of looked at me and said [it] like it was a matter of fact. He said "Well, you know that Khloe's not really a Kardashian, don't you?"



'And I said… "OK" and that was it.'

She claims Khloe, who is married to Dallas Mavericks basketballer Lamar Odom, knew she had a different father to her sisters and younger brother Rob.

'Khloe brought it up all the time. She looked nothing like the rest. She was tall, had a different shape, light hair, curly hair. Didn't look anything like the other three children.'

Different: Khloe has often pointed out that she looks nothing like her older sisters and their mother Kris, far right, said once people asked whether she was 'the milkman's child'

Fighting back: Khloe has responded to the claims today on Twitter She said Robert, who is of Armenian descent, had told her that he and Kris were not sleeping together at the time Khloe was conceived. '[But] he never would have considered a DNA test. He loved her very much. Robert did question the fact that Khloe was his,' Ellen said. 'Any normal man would if they knew their wife had cheated on him.' Khloe has responded to the claims today on Twitter.

Daddy's little girl: Robert Kardashian, pictured with Khloe as a child, referred to having four biological children in court documents filed in 1999 She wrote: 'The audacity you have to mention my father’s name like this! Should be ashamed of urself! I let a lot of things slide but this one is really low… YOU ARE DISGUSTING! (yes you know who YOU are).'



High-profile: Robert represented O.J. Simpson in his murder trial in 1994

Kris, 56, recently admitted in her new book that she cheated on Robert during their marriage.

Since Robert's death, Ellen had experienced financial difficulties, filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in 2010.

The home she and Robert shared in Indian Wells, California, was sold after going into foreclosure in October.

Kris remarried Olympian Bruce Jenner in 1991 and the couple had two daughters, Kendall and Kylie.

Bruce already had four children from two previous marriages: Burt, Casey, Brody, and Brandon.



Khloe is often talking about how she looks nothing like her sisters, and Kris has been quoted as saying people asked her whether she was 'the milkman's daughter' when she was born.



On Khloe's blog in June 2010, she shared a number of pictures of her and the attorney.

She wrote: 'Father’s Day is two days away, so in preparation I wanted to post this photo album (mostly old school pics) dedicated to my dad and to Bruce.

'I was seriously the luckiest girl in the world growing up because I had two amazing dads who not only loved us kids more than anything, but adored each other as well.

'My dad and Bruce were always really close — Kendall and Kylie even called my dad Uncle Robert which I loved.'

