www.usatoday.com/story/life/entertainthis/2017/06/20/jennifer-lopez-and-alex-rodriguez-photos-vacation-paris-france-monte-carlo/103031794/



Inside Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez' lavish 'baecation'

Maeve McDermott

USATODAY

They'll always have Paris.

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez escaped to the City of Lights for a romantic weekend, documenting their vacation — or, as Lopez called it, their "baecation" — in a series of envious Instagram snaps.

Before they landed in the French capital, the couple spent several days in Monte Carlo and St. Tropez, allowing Rodriguez to channel his inner James Bond at the casino.

Then, it was off to Paris for J-Lo and A-Rod, their itinerary including a lunch at the Louvre where Lopez showed off her chic Gucci dress.

Lopez captured their jaunts around the city on social media, as the couple explored the Parisian streets and posed together on their balcony.

The couple also documented one of their evenings together with a pair of matching snaps -- Lopez looking glam in a shimmering gown next to a dressed-down Rodriguez in a white blazer.

"Weekend in Paris #thankfulandgrateful" Rodriguez wrote in his caption, with Lopez sharing a slightly more candid look at their evening, showing her beau with his middle fingers raised.

"When you're having so much fun you just don't give a..." she cheekily captioned her shot.

The couple didn't have much time to escape together, with Lopez judging the new competition show World of Dance and Rodriguez joining the upcoming season of Shark Tank. The former Yankees star jetted straight to Los Angeles from Paris on Monday for a Shark Tank press event, summing up their trip in an interview with Extra.

“We landed early this morning, it was great," he said, claiming they got "15 hours of sleep."

Still riding high from their trip, Rodriguez said the couple spends time together despite their busy schedules. “If you want to be together you are together,” he said. “Our kids get along really well, we’re both from New York, we’re both Latin, we’re both in our forties, we’re really enjoying life, but she really is one of the most impressive and smartest human beings I have ever met."

Reports of Rodriguez and Lopez' courtship originally emerged in March, with the couple making their public debut at the Met Gala in May.

PDA at the Met Gala? These couples aren't shy!

