www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/miley-cyrus-liam-hemsworth-154360

Dan Clarendon

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth Fighting Over Living in California vs. Australia

If you ask Miley Cyrus — or her 2017 single, at least — “the sky’s more blue in Malibu.” Liam Hemsworth, however, thinks the grass is greener 7,000 miles away in Australia. The engaged couple is squabbling about where to live, as In Touch has learned.

“Miley is happy staying put in Malibu, but Liam wants to raise a family in Australia,” a source tells In Touch in the issue currently on newsstands. “They’re fighting nonstop.”

Apparently, the 28-year-old Hunger Games heartthrob covets his family members’ life Down Under. His brother Chris Hemsworth and Chris’s wife, Elsa Pataky, are currently renovating their home in Byron Bay, a beachside town in New South Wales. “He sees how much happier his brother Chris is since putting down roots there,” the source adds. “Liam’s parents and extended family are all there.”

Liam apparently isn’t as dazzled by Tinseltown as his fiancée is. “He doesn’t like being surrounded by industry people like Miley does,” this insider explains.

As much as Miley may share Liam’s love for Australia, her whole life is in California. And it sounds like the Younger Now singer is worried about transcontinental separation anxiety. “She thinks she’ll feel isolated and lonely,” In Touch‘s source says. “She’s willing to take extended trips, but she refuses to uproot her entire life.”

Even if the 25-year-old doesn’t want to live abroad, she at least wants to head overseas for her wedding, it seems. The couple is planning to tie the knot in the Himalayas, a different source told Life & Style in March. “Miley has a real hippie side and wants to embrace that rather than spending millions,” the source said. “She wants to focus on the spiritual side of marriage and is very interested in Hinduism, so she is looking at locations in Nepal, where Hinduism is a way of life.”

So before Miley and Liam’s nuptials, we’ll give them some pre-marital counseling, free of charge. They should just split their time between the two continents. Problem solved, right?

