www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6115875/Hailey-Baldwin-worries-Selena-Gomez-never-Justin-Bieber.html

Caitlyn Hitt

Hailey Baldwin worries Selena Gomez will never get over Justin Bieber

Hailey Baldwin is trying to bask in pre-marital bliss with Justin Bieber, but she can’t help but feel for her beau’s ex.

Sources say the 21-year-old model ‘feels bad’ for Selena Gomez, who’s said to be struggling with her ex’s new relationship. Hailey understands how difficult it must be for the Back To You singer to move on.

An insider told Hollywood Life: ‘Hailey feels bad that Selena will probably never fully get over Justin, nor should she, because he is the most amazing man ever.

Hailey Baldwin reportedly feels bad for fiance Justin Bieber's ex-girlfriend Selena Gomez as she's said to be struggling to cope with his engagement

Selena Gomez is said to be struggling to watch ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber's new relationship play out so publicly

‘Hailey loves Justin because he is sexy, talented, rich, successful, world famous and the hottest, most handsome guy ever. With all that going for Justin, Hailey feels like the luckiest girl in the world. Hailey also sympathizes for Selena because it must be impossible for her, or anyone who has ever dated Justin, to ever forget him or stop missing him.’

The source continued: ‘There is only one Justin in the world, and Hailey is convinced Selena will never be able to replace, or get over him, no matter how hard she tries.’

Hollywood Life recently reported that Selena was ‘heartbroken’ after learning that Justin and Hailey purchased a multi-million dollar mansion in Canada together.

She reportedly viewed the major purchase as one final sign that she and the Sorry singer are done for good. She had dreams of leaving the limelight behind one day to raise a family somewhere quiet with Justin.

‘Selena is heartbroken at the news that Justin bought a huge new love nest for him and Hailey,’ a source told the outlet.

‘It was not long ago that Selena hoped it would be her settling down with Justin in the countryside somewhere, away from the noise of Hollywood. That was her dream too, to raise a family in a big home by a lake with Justin and now that he is doing that with someone else it really stings.’

The insider added: ‘Justin’s new house is another clear sign to Selena that Justin is committed to his future with Hailey.’

Need more on this tragic love triangle? Here’s the low down.

Justin Bieber new house

Justin Bieber recently purchased a 9,000 square foot house in Ontario, Canada with four bedrooms, six bathrooms, three fireplaces, a game room, a theatre and a three-car garage. The house also has a boathouse on the property and is located near a lake with its own private access point.

The new pad cost Justin a reported $5 million.

It’s sat on a 101-acre property with its own horse-racing track on the premises.

Who is Justin Bieber marrying?

Justin Bieber is marrying Hailey Baldwin. She is the youngest daughter of Stephen Baldwin.

Her sister, Alaia Baldwin, is 25.

Justin proposed to Hailey in the Bahamas on July 7. The pair were there on holiday when he popped the question.

They spent the rest of their vacation celebrating their engagement. Hailey was photographed by fans wearing her massive engagement ring, which Justin had designed in New York weeks earlier.

‘Listen plain and simple Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you! So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly. I promise to lead our family with honor and integrity letting Jesus through his Holy Spirit guide us in everything we do and every decision we make,’ he wrote in the caption of a photo of himself and Hailey kissing.

‘My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS and I will ALWAYS put you first!’

Hailey Baldwin Vogue

Hailey Baldwin appeared on the cover of Vogue Mexico. In the cover photo, she’s shown wearing her six-to-10-carat engagement ring from Justin Bieber.

The ring cost Justin between $250,000 and $500,000 and was designed by Solow & Co.

Jack Solow told People magazine: ‘Justin did have a hand in selecting the diamond because I sent videos to his team.

‘I know him through [his manager] Scooter Braun. When it came time to find a ring, Justin asked Scooter and said, “I’m ready to pop the question” and he said, “There is only one place to go, ask Jack”.’

Jack added that Justin ‘wanted something that would gracefully accentuate Hailey’s beautifully shaped hands’.

