www.allure.com/story/kim-kardashian-mom-shamed-again-north-west-straight-hair

Condé Nast, Andrea Par

Kim Kardashian Is Getting Mom-Shamed Again for Straightening North West’s Hair

At this point, it's not a question of if Kim Kardashian (or any of her famous family members, for that matter) will be criticized for each of her parenting decisions, but rather, when the comments from Internet trolls will start rolling in. The latest instance of mommy-shaming plaguing Kardashian was sparked by a throwback photo of her husband and daughter that she posted on Instagram on Tuesday. In the pic, North West cuddles up to Kanye West and gives her smiling dad a kiss on the cheek. "I can still feel the love 💕," Kim K captioned the adorable snapshot, quoting Kanye's recently released song "Feel the Love."

Almost immediately, critics began pouncing on Kardashian over the fact that, in the picture, North is wearing her naturally curly hair straight. "I can feel the heat damage from here! Leave your [kid's] hair alone let her have the choice to damage it when she's older," one person commented. "Stop straightening her hair," someone else wrote, while another added, "That poor baby's curl pattern is gonna be all jacked up from the heat damage she's putting on her hair at a young age."

Others, however, defended Kardashian, citing both her right to parent her children however she wants and the well-documented fact that North is already a burgeoning style star at just five years old. "Y'all are so annoying. Maybe NORTH wanted her hair that way!!!!!! She's very opinionated as we can all see. AND it's VERY easy to straighten hair without heat damage seeing as [how] her mom has a TEAM of PROFESSIONAL hairstylists," one of her defenders wrote.

Last month, after catching similar flack for letting North wear her hair straight on her birthday, Kardashian West explained the decision to The Hollywood Reporter. "She wanted straight hair and I straightened her hair one time. It's funny, because online everyone thought that we pressed it and did this whole thing. It was just a flat iron. I even read that she had extensions on! She has curly hair, so when you straighten her hair, it's gonna look really long. I can't believe people didn't get that. Sometimes you just have to tune it out! It was her birthday and all she wanted was to try to have her hair straightened," she said.

The KKW Beauty founder noted that her own professional hairstylist, Chris Appleton, helped out with North's special style, and added, "She liked it, so we did it when we went to New York too, and that's it. You know, I'm not gonna let her straighten her hair all the time, but if she wants it that way two or three days a year, then that's fine with me. She loved it, but she loves her curly hair, too."

Read more about Kim Kardashian and North West:

Every product in this beauty blogger's $32K beauty collection:

Don't forget to follow Allure on Instagram and Twitter.

