metro.co.uk/2018/03/15/selena-gomez-jealous-camila-cabello-taylor-swift-7389187/

Rishma Dosani

Selena Gomez ‘jealous of Camila Cabello over Taylor Swift’

Selena Gomez is jealous of Camila Cabello and Taylor Swift (Picture: Rex/Shutterstock)

Taylor Swift is gearing up to kick off her world tour in May, with Camila Cabello and Charli XCX in support.

But, while fans are leaping up and down with excitement, one person reportedly isn’t too thrilled about the trio heading out on the road – Selena Gomez.

According to reports, the Come And Get It singer is ‘happy’ for her fellow popstars, but is envious at the fun they are going to have without her.

‘Selena is so happy for Camila and Taylor, she love them both and knows they’re going to have the best time on tour together,’ an insider reportedly told HollywoodLife.

‘But there’s a part of her that’s envious too.

‘Taylor’s her best friend and she can’t help but wish she was going on tour with her.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘But more than anything Selena is just happy for Camilla, she knows how much this means to her, it’s so huge.’

Selena has had a tough few months, after she revealed she had undergone a kidney transplant for her battle with Lupus.

And the procedure took its toll on the 25-year-old, who ‘went through a depression’ during the process.

Selena Gomez underwent a kidney transplant (Picture: Backgrid)

In a chat with Self Magazine Francia Raisa – who donated the kidney to Selena – confessed they both struggled with their mental health throughout the journey.

She said: ‘[I was told], “It’s going to be hard, the recipient is going to glow and she’s going to recover a lot faster than the donor because she’s getting something she needs and you are losing something you don’t need to lose. It’s going to be hard.” And it was very hard.

‘Selena and I both went through a depression.’

We have reached out to Selena and Camila’s reps.

MORE: Selena Gomez ‘suffered from depression’ after life-saving kidney transplant

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

