hollywoodlife.com/2017/11/12/is-justin-bieber-upset-the-weeknd-dating-ex-yovanna-ventura-truth/

Erin Silvia, News Writer

Is Justin Bieber Upset That The Weeknd Is Dating His Ex Yovanna Ventura? The Truth

After suprising speculation that The Weeknd is dating Justin Bieber’s ex, Yovanna Ventura, HollywoodLife.com has EXCLUSIVELY learned what Justin thinks of the whole situation. Find out if he’s upset here!

The Weeknd, 27, was recently seen getting cozy with Justin Bieber‘s ex, Yovanna Ventura, 21, and we have the real answer on whether or not it’s bothering Justin, who is now reportedly dating The Weeknd’s ex, Selena Gomez, 25. “Justin couldn’t care less about The Weeknd dating Yovanna,” a source EXCLUSIVELY told HollywoodLife.com. “Justin’s got his eye on the prize, which of course, is Selena. Justin is determined not to make the same mistakes that he’s made in the past, so he’s reigning in any insecurities and keeping his jealousy in check. Justin is also allowing Selena to set the pace when it comes to their relationship, instead of strong arming her as he’s done previously. Justin’s so grateful to be given another shot at dating Selena, and he’s doing everything in his power to not mess it up. Justin thinks it’s serendipitous that Selena’s come back to him at the time he’s decided to take a career break, because it means he can totally focus on her and they can spend some real quality time together. Selena is the love of his life and Justin is determined not to let her slip through his fingers yet again.” See pics of The Weeknd and Justin with Selena here!

Justin dated Yovanna for a bit back in 2014 and during that time, he seemed pretty smitten with the gorgeous brunette. He’d post photo after photo of her on his social media until one day it all just stopped when they split. Although their relationship seemed intense while it was going on, it’s been three years since they hooked up so it would make complete sense if Justin was over it by now.

Although Justin’s had his fair share of girlfriends in the past, Selena seems to be the one who means the most to him. He’s often commented on his feelings for her in public interviews and their reunion is definitely one that will go down in history books. Jelena fans are rejoicing everywhere!

HollywoodLifers, what are your opinions on The Weeknd dating Justin’s ex? Tell us here!

