www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5701329/Kourtney-Kardashian-39-thinks-Sofia-Richie-19-young-ex-Scott-Disick-34.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Kourtney Kardashian thinks Sofia Richie is 'young' for Scott Disick

Kourtney Kardashian may be 14 years older than her boyfriend.

But the reality star still believes that the 15 year age difference between her ex Scott Disick and his current girlfriend Sofia Richie is way too much.

The 39-year-old eldest Kardashian sister sill thinks the 19-year-old model is still 'too young' for her 34-year-old ex according to a source for People on Monday.

Not over it: Kourtney Kardashian thinks ex Scott Disick's new girlfriend is still 'too young' for him according to a Monday report from People

Mind the gap: The 39-year-old eldest Kardashian sister sill thinks the age gap between 34-year-old Scott and 19-year-old model Sofia Richie is still too much according to an insider, as they are pictured together in Miami back in December

Things seem to be getting serious between Scott and Sofia as they have been spotted together with his three children with Kourtney recently.

Despite the age gap, the insider insists that Sofia has had a good influence on Scott and his children: sons Mason, eight, and Reign, three, and five-year-old daughter Penelope.

'Sofia is helping Scott be a better, healthier person,' the source said. 'Kourtney feels confident that Scott and Sofia takes good care of the kids. Scott is a great dad when he has his life together.'

Family fun: Things seem to be getting serious between Scott and Sofia as they have been spotted together with his three children with Kourtney recently, as they are pictured together in Malibu last month

Just us: Scott and Sofia have been dating officially since September, as they are pictured together in Miami back in December

This is a drastic change to earlier this year when a source said of Kourtney: 'Like most people, she thinks Sofia is way too young for him and doesn’t get it.'

Meanwhile Kourtney is dating model Younes Bendjima who at 25-years-old is 14 years her junior.

This comes just weeks after Disick found public interest in his love life to be 'flattering' and that he takes the attention people pay to his personal life as a compliment.

He explained: 'I guess it's kind of flattering that people care. 'It's not like I'm mad about it. Everybody's worried about something. Everybody is worried about other people's things, so it's fine.'

Moving on: Meanwhile Kourtney is dating model Younes Bendjima who at 25-years-old is 14 years her junior, as they are pictured together in Beverly Hills on Saturday

Scott - who recently bonded with his eldest child, Mason, during a week-long trip to Cleveland - shares custody of his three children with Kourtney.

But the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star insisted he doesn't harbor any fears about his kids.

Speaking to People, Scott shared: 'I don't worry about them, they're unbelievable. Best kids in the world.'

Despite this, an insider recently claimed that Sofia is fed up with Scott obsessing about his ex.

The celebrity duo have been dating since May last year, but it was suggested that Sofia is frustrated that the reality TV star appears to be so concerned with Kourtney.

The source explained: 'Sofia is annoyed with Scott's obsession with his ex Kourtney.'

In particular, the teenage star - who is the daughter of music icon Lionel Richie - has grown bored of having to listen to Scott complain about Kourtney's romance with Younes Bendjima.

The insider said: 'She's tired of listening to Scott complain about Kourtney and Sofia really doesn't like to hear Scott whine about Younes taking his place.'

It was suggested that Sofia is close to ending their relationship over the issue. The source added: 'For Sofia, it's a real turn-off when Scott stalks Kourtney online and obsesses about her, there is only so much more Sofia can take.'

