www.entertainmentdaily.co.uk/news/victoria-beckham-reportedly-furious-about-davids-female-friend/



Victoria Beckham reportedly furious about David's female friend

They've been married now for 18 years which, in showbiz speak, is pretty much a lifetime.

But according to a new totally unconfirmed report, Victoria Beckham has been growing increasingly frustrated with hubby David's new female pal.

A so-called insider snitched to The Sun that Victoria, 43, is reportedly not a fan of David's friend Lady Mary Charteris.

Lady Mary's well-connected! (Credit: FameFlynet)

Read more: Duchess of Cambridge shows off her blossoming baby bump

Why, you ask? Well the source alleged it's all because Lady Mary loves a good party and Victoria worries about that rubbing off on David, 42.

The insider said: "David has spent time partying with Mary at events into the early hours of the morning."

Apparently David was introduced to Lady Mary through his good friend Dave Gardner, who is engaged to Hollywood actress Liv Tyler.

Victoria is very worried that she is not the best influence on David.

"Victoria is very worried that she is not the best influence on David," continued the insider.

"They met at Glastonbury but Victoria is not fond of her.”

Posh 'n' Becks have been married since 1999 (Credit: FameFlynet)

Oh dear. Of course, this is all just wild rumours and until Posh, Becks or Mary actually respond, we'll take it with a pinch of salt!

And hey, even if Lady Mary does like a party, so what?

We all have that friend who loves a good night out and is buckets of fun to be around!

Lady Mary reportedly knows Becks through his pal Dave Gardner (Credit: FameFlynet)

Lady Mary, 30, is rather well-connected (perhaps obvious given the whole title...)

She's the daughter of Scottish nobleman James Charteris, the 13th Earl of Wemyss and 9th Earl of March and has Jerry Hall as her godmother.

The model and socialite has been married to rocker Robbie Furze since 2012.

Becks with the brood (Credit: Instagram @DavidBeckham)

Read more: Lorraine viewers shocked by how Rizzo from Grease looks now

David and Victoria, meanwhile, have been married since 1999 and proud parents to four kids: Brooklyn, 18, Romeo, 15, Cruz, 12, and six-year-old Harper.

Gushing Becks said earlier this year it was love at first sight when he saw Victoria. Aww!

He added to Desert Island Discs: "Whenever we’ve come up against tough times, we know each other better than anybody knows us. We have an amazing life which we are very respectful of. We are also private people.”

Aww, you guys!

