metro.co.uk/2017/03/07/ed-sheeran-admits-he-was-able-to-sleep-with-loads-of-hot-women-thanks-to-taylor-swift-6494770/

Olivia Waring

Ed Sheeran admits he was able to bed hot women because of Taylor Swift

Taylor Swifts friendship comes with a few perks for Ed Sheeran (Picture: Getty)

Ed Sheeran’s magnetic sex appeal may not be down to his genes or personality alone, it transpires.

The 26-year-old singer has confessed that being best friends with Taylor Swift allowed him to get close to (read: have sex with) lots of beautiful women, particularly when he was supporting her on tour.

Suffolk-born Ed, who counts Selena Gomez and Ellie Goulding among his former conquests, seems beyond grateful to Taylor for this, which might explain the ‘arts and crafts’ Christmas presents he sends to her. WTF.

Ed with Taylor and Selena, one of which he’s been romantically linked to, last year (Picture: Getty)

Ed told Rolling Stone of his wingwoman: ‘Taylor’s world is celebrity. I was this 22-year-old awkward British kid going on tour with the biggest artist in America, who has all these famous mates.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘It was very easy [wooing the ladies]. I would often find myself in situations just kind of waking up and looking over and being like, “How the f**k did that happen?”.’

Gushing further about Taylor, Ed added: ‘She would be there if everything ended for me. Taylor is kind of an anomaly in that sense.

‘She’s omnipresent because she’s the most famous woman in the world, so she can’t make the decision to not be in the press. I always stick up for Taylor.’

Elsewhere in the interview, Ed hinted he and his guardian angel will do a joint tour together and ‘trade songs’ during gigs, as Jay Z and Justin Timberlake did a few years ago.

No one is trying to deny Ed and Taylor are BFFs (Picture: Anna Webber/Getty Images for Atlantic Records)

Taylor, who was also interviewed by the mag for the same issue, backed this up — and claimed she and Ed are still very close, despite their geographical divide.

‘We’ve gotten matching Scottish folds, made each other arts and crafts Christmas presents, vacationed with our families, and had each other’s backs,’ Swift said.

‘He is the James Taylor to my Carole King and I can’t imagine a time when he wouldn’t be.’

Ed is now in a serious relationship with Cherry Seaborn, and we expect she won’t want a repeat of the shenanigans on his and Taylor’s last tour together.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Like Metro Entertainment on Facebook for more dazzling stories on your news feed.

MORE: Louis Theroux reveals the one topic he won’t investigate because he’s too darn scared

MORE: TOWIE’s Gemma Collins admits she had unprotected sex with James ‘Arg’ Argent in a bid to get pregnant

MORE: George Michael’s funeral can finally take place now that his cause of death has been confirmed

