www.intouchweekly.com/posts/ben-affleck-and-jennifer-lopez-alex-rodriguez-134094

Amber Belus

Ben Affleck Trying to Win Jennifer Lopez Back from Alex Rodriguez (EXCLUSIVE)





Not everyone is happy that Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez decided to start dating — for example, her ex-boyfriend Ben Affleck!

In Touch can exclusively reveal that Ben is doing the most to keep the couple apart, all because he wants to win back his longtime love.

EXCLUSIVE: Mama June Dishes on Her Dating Life

“Seeing Jennifer happy again with someone else has made him realize that he wants her back. Ben’s been reaching out to her in hopes that they can reconnect,” says an insider, adding “he’s been trying to convince Jennifer that Alex is trouble.”

While our source explains that this may have been something the Shades of Blue star wanted at one point, “she can’t help but be wary of his intentions. He always wants what he

can’t have.”

“She genuinely cares for Alex and she’s happy,” the source continues. “Alex has told Jennifer that he sees a future with her. She loves him and thinks she might be ready to go down that path.”

EXCLUSIVE: Find out Who Jesse Williams Is Dating After Splitting From Aryn Drake-Lee

It sounds like Ben, who split from his wife, Jennifer Garner, back in 2015, will need to try much harder to reunite with his former flame.

We already know that Jen’s whirlwind romance with the MLB star is reaching new heights, and they have even spoken about a prenuptial agreement for when they get married.

“Jennifer not only wants to protect her money, she wants to make sure her kids [twins Max and Emme] are taken care of,” a source previously told In Touch. “Alex is always on top of his finances, so a prenup is very important to him, too.”

“She really wants to marry Alex by the end of the year,” the insider continued. “She doesn’t want to wait because she knows he’s her soul mate.”

For more on this, pick up the latest issue of In Touch — and for more exclusive content sign up for our newsletter!

