www.businessinsider.com/emmys-2017-laura-dern-snub-reese-witherspoon-big-little-lies-2017-9

Jacob Shamsian

People are freaking out that Laura Dern may have snubbed Reese Witherspoon after Emmy win

The INSIDER Summary:

Laura Dern won an Emmy for her performance in "Big Little Lies."

As she went up to the stage, the camera showed her hugging co-stars Nicole Kidman and Shailene Woodley — but not Reese Witherspoon.

People are freaking out about the apparent snub.

A closer look at the circumstances shows that Dern and Witherspoon are probably chill.



Laura Dern won an Emmy Sunday night for her supporting role in HBO's "Big Little Lies." And while she thanked her co-stars (many of them nominees as well) in her speech, she may have snubbed one of them on her way to the stage.

In the CBS broadcast of her winning the award, it shows Dern hugging co-stars Nicole Kidman and Shailene Woodley (who she beat in the category of supporting actress in a limited TV series or movie), but skipping over Reese Witherspoon, who also starred in "Big Little Lies."

People are freaking out over the apparent snub.

A more likely solution is that the aired footage simply didn't show the hug between Witherspoon and Dern. At the beginning of the shot where Dern hugs her co-stars, it looks like she's pulling away from Witherspoon, as if they had just embraced.

Laura Dern getting up, probably from hugging Reese Witherspoon. CBS

It's also possible that Dern was just gripping the seat in front of her as she was getting up. It's not totally clear.

Dern also, after all, did give a shoutout to Witherspoon in her speech. "I share this with my tribe of four ladies," she said, referring to her co-stars Witherspoon, Kidman, Woodley, and Zoe Kravitz. So there probably isn't any beef between them.

Also, it's just kind of awkward to hug someone in the seat in front of you. The chair is in the way. What's she supposed to do? Like, hug the back of her neck? Tap her on the shoulder? Everyone watching is waiting for her to come onstage.

Kidman and Witherspoon are themselves nominees in the leading actress category for a TV miniseries or movie, which will be awarded Sunday night.

