us1035.iheart.com/content/2017-10-13-jimmy-kimmel-talks-donald-trump-harvey-weinstein-on-gma/

Shari Weiss

Jimmy Kimmel Talks Donald Trump, Harvey Weinstein On 'GMA'

As Gossip Cop has reported, Kimmel has become increasingly political on “Jimmy Kimmel Live.” In addition to criticizing the president on a regular basis, he’s also done poignant monologues on healthcare and the Las Vegas shooting. “I would guess that he’s not planning to visit me anytime soon,” the host said of Trump. “I think he and Sean Hannity have date night on those nights. It’s tough to break away.” But he would “absolutely” love to have the president on his show. “I have a lot of questions for Donald Trump,” Kimmel said, adding, “Maybe this is crazy, but I feel like I can turn him around on a couple of things.”

Interviewer Amy Robach brought up Trump’s son, Don Jr., with whom Kimmel had a Twitter feud last weekend after the Harvey Weinstein scandal broke. “He’s an idiot. Let’s just start with that,” he said of the First Son. “This is an imbecile whose job seems to be tweeting, as far as I can tell. But with that said, I do admire that he’s very loyal to his father.” Kimmel went on to respond some backlash he received for seemingly not addressing the Weinstein controversy on TV soon enough. He said, “The Harvey Weinstein thing, people like this false equivalence. As if that somehow is equivalent to what happened in Las Vegas. Harvey Weinstein is not a person — is not a friend of mine. I’m not in the movie business. And I’ll add that that story came out, I think, like moments before we went to tape on Thursday and we didn’t have a show on Friday.”

“What they’re doing is now is they’re trying to drag up any kind of — especially these gun nuts — trying to drag up, take any comedy bit I did out of context and use it as some kind of proof,” he continued. “They’re saying I’m calling myself the moral conscience of America, which I most certainly never did and most certainly never would.” Kimmel, who said his son is “doing well” in advance of another operation, admitted that opening up about healthcare on his show is “not something that I discussed with anyone other than my wife. But I did know I had to say something.” And now that he’s gotten emotional on-air a few times, he confessed, “It’s embarrassing to me. I do my best to keep it together and then I can’t keep it in. I’m a crier. Even as a young boy I was a crier.”

Kimmel was on the program to promote his upcoming tapings in Brooklyn. “Brooklyn is a magical place. It is really is,” he said. Check out the video below.

