www.highsnobiety.com/p/kylie-jenner-stormi-memes/

Lia Mcgarrigle, News, Culture Editor

Kylie Jenner Named Her Kid “Stormi” & the Internet Can’t Handle It

Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott welcomed a baby girl on February 1, revealing yesterday on Instagram that they chose to give her the name “Stormi.”

After 9 months of relative silence from the star, fans were quick to share their opinions on the unconventional name. Of course, there were lots of weather jokes, with most of them tying in the rest of the Kardashian Jenner family’s names that include “Reign,” “North,” and “Chicago.”

Many were also disappointed that the elaborate fan theory that said Kylie would name her child Butterfly or Mariposa as a nod to Travis Scott turned out not to be true, though obviously, some Twitter users are still living in hope.

Read our roundup of the funniest reactions below.

stormi webster ?? A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Feb 6, 2018 at 1:14pm PST

There were lots of weather jokes

Kylie called the baby Stormi. Imagine in a few years they name a hurricane after her! Hurricane Stormi. Storm Stormi. Obsessed ? #Stormi #kyliesbaby — Aisling Keenan (@aislingmkeenan) February 6, 2018

Kardashian/Jenner family gatherings will sound like a weather report when wrangling the kids. Is it Stormi? Naw it's just Reign Over by North Chicago. pic.twitter.com/Qcv3jLy8Cq — Lisa Hiser (@lisa_hiser) February 6, 2018

Kylie Jenner named her child Stormi so when I have a kid I'm going to name it Humiditi — Leah (@leahcieslewicz) February 6, 2018

Somebody just said:

It will be Stormi with the chance of Reign in the North of Chicago. I said: wait what They replied with: it was a Dream pic.twitter.com/QhOlrCZLkJ — J O R I A (@jorialajoy) February 6, 2018

why are the Kardashian babies sounding like a weather forecast: it’s Stormi in North Chicago with a little bit of Reign — Andrew Kanatsky (@AndrewKanatsky) February 6, 2018

Hey PENELOPE, It’s a little STORMI NORTH of the MASON dixon. A lot of REIGN will soon be rolling into CHICAGO. Not really living the DREAM but I wouldn’t be a SAINT if I didn’t warn you about the baby on the way! — dair (@dairbear_) February 7, 2018

Stormi is cool but North West has the coldest name of all time. — Myleeza (@MyleezaKardash) February 7, 2018

Kylie's disappearance from the media for the last 9 months was the calm before the stormi lol — megan fowler (@meganlfowlerr) February 6, 2018

Need Khloe to name her baby “sunni” just for this: Penelope the weather forecaster : Tune in tomorrow morning when I will tell you if it is Stormi in North Chicago or Sunni with a chance of Reign. Until then , sweet Dreams. — Amazing Amy(ra) (@amazingamyra) February 6, 2018

Hey people of CHICAGO – if your ceiling leaks you might want to put out some MASON jars to catch the REIGN because it's going to get STORMI up NORTH! This one is crazy! This is a meteorologist's DREAM! Pray to SAINT PENELOPE for safety. What is my life!?! #Kardashians pic.twitter.com/dnbBpk0l60 — Jen Silverman (@JenMSilverman) February 6, 2018

Fans thought they had guessed the kid’s name and were disappointed they got it wrong

Everyone was so certain Kylie’s baby was gonna he called Butterfly but she threw a massive curveball and named her Stormi. pic.twitter.com/34K6EPeZyB — guy fieri (@mimialiceg) February 6, 2018

Me: has a giant theory on why Kylie's daughter's name is going to be Posie

Kylie: stormi ??

Me: pic.twitter.com/OdtKzXIFAz — Brianna LeBlanc (@brianna12342) February 6, 2018

Imagine the entire nation coming together to devise the butterfly theory behind Kylie Jenner’s baby just for her to turn around and call it STORMI???? R u 4 real — Dais (@DaisyyMeR0lling) February 6, 2018

y’all dumbasses thought kylie named her kid after a butterfly and she named it stormi pic.twitter.com/HnTkgauUEd — breanna (@nataliesglitter) February 6, 2018

Everyone: Kylie will call her baby Posie short for Mariposa as it’s the Spanish for butterfly as Travis Sc

Kylie: Baby Stormi pic.twitter.com/BT5GRTD1YH — G.S (@GraceShadrack) February 6, 2018

“Stormi” is short for Storm. A storm can be caused by a minute localized change in a complex system. That’s known as the butterfly effect. Butterfly in Spanish is Mariposa… — Damita Joe (@JoS_A_Skank) February 6, 2018

While others shared some non-weather related references for the name

kylie disappeared for 9 months bc that was the calm before the stormi — Female Pains (@FemalePains) February 7, 2018

Like I'm honestly just very underwhelmed with Stormi & after the care with which she named each of her lipsticks I expected better — Keira Gilleechi (@gilleechi) February 6, 2018

kylie named one of her dogs normi and named her daughter stormi…. pic.twitter.com/AG7JelXqwU — liz (@challengemtv__) February 6, 2018

'stormi' is the kind of name that i'd call my nintendog back in 2006 — ben (@ben_johns) February 6, 2018

STORMI everytime her mother Kylie Jenner doesn't let her leave the house!! pic.twitter.com/VYPOAG9M4a — CELEBSGO (@celebsgo) February 6, 2018

In other news, Kylie Jenner now has the most-liked Instagram post ever.

Subscribe

Main & Featured Image: Ari Perilstein/Getty Images for A-OK Collective, LLC.

Words by Lia McGarrigle News & Culture Editor Berlin-based writer and Rihanna enthusiast.

