www.nationalenquirer.com/celebrity/sandra-bullock-bryan-randall-marriage-new-boyfriend/

National Enquirer Staff

Sandra Bullock’s Getting Hitched

Sandra Bullock is hearing wedding bells! She’s so in love with photographer and model Bryan Randall that she’s headed for the altar, said pals.

The marriage even has the blessing of her closest friend, actor George Clooney!

“George is telling Sandra not to be scared to take the plunge again,” said a source.

“He knows she’s gun-shy after her marriage to Jesse James exploded in a cheating scandal five years ago.

“But he’s met Bryan and likes him — and he sees how happy he’s making Sandra!”

George, 54, finally gave up his own single status last year when he wed international law and human rights attorney Amal Alamuddin.

“He’s telling Sandra that if he can find true love again, so can she,” added the insider.

Sandra, 51, and 49-year-old Bryan were secretly dating for months and only recently went public. T

hings quickly heated up after she introduced him to close friends — including Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux — at a July 4 party at her home in Austin, Texas.

A month later, Bryan was Sandra’s plus-one at Jennifer and Justin’s surprise wedding.

Then he accompanied her to the L.A. premiere of her new movie, “Our Brand Is Crisis,” which co-stars George.

Sandra and her man were also seen holding hands as they strolled the red carpet!

“Sandra wouldn’t be willing to face public scrutiny if she wasn’t serious about this guy,” said an insider.

Bryan is her first boyfriend in five years and, like her ex-husband, Jesse, he has a bad-boy past — with The ENQUIRER revealing how some of Sandra’s own close friends have warned her to be cautious!

Bryan was picked up on a DUI in 1988, tore up a hotel room in 1990 — and had an order of protection levied against him by a neighbor who claimed Bryan menaced him in 2012!

But both Sandra and Bryan have told pals this is the beginning of an exciting new chapter in their lives.

Said a source: “He is a true family man, but he has an edge. That’s very appealing to Sandra.

“She’s convinced she’s found the one!”

