marriedbiography.com/caitlyn-jenner-weird-sense-joy-days-says-cellulite-makes-feminine/



Caitlyn Jenner is having weird sense of joy these days! Says Cellulite makes her feel more feminine! – Married Biography

Caitlyn Jenner is having weird sense of joy these days! Says Cellulite makes her feel more feminine! Share this

Caitlyn Jenner, the TV personality, and a former Olympic gold medal-winning decathlon champion is having a different sense of the quality of expressing her womanhood. She says that the cellulite in her thighs, hips, and tummy is giving her different sense of joy and can’t wait to show it off.

A weird article

The headline “Cellulite Makes Cait Feel So Womanly!” from the National Enquirer/RadarOnline is trending these days. And do you want to know what the article says? You must have some info about this! It said:

Caitlyn Jenner is telling friends she can’t wait to wear a bikini this summer to show off some skin, and her recently acquired cellulite!

That seems really weird, doesn’t it? I mean showing it off in a bikini for what? After all, many people try to hide their cellulite and here Jenner is going to a different path. She is WAITING for the summer just to show it off! Just to remind you, the article also called her a “blabbermouth”. And I don’t think it could be wrong. She blabbering about things that makes no sense. Maybe her excessive talking needed a halt and this quoted name of her may stop her from talking much now. Let’s see what the article had to say other than that. It said:

She has this weird sense of joy when she sees patches of cellulite on her thighs, hips and tummy. The sight of lumpy flesh doesn’t upset her. It makes her feel more feminine!

Maybe Caitlyn is trying to respect her body by respecting what she has. You can’t just disrespect your body for having a lumpy flesh. It is your body after all and if you disrespect it by yourself and obviously you can’t expect respect from others, can you? And who knows, maybe that lumpy dimpled flesh will look really feminine on her. It is creating a buzz in the media as this is not what you hear from a TV personality everyday. After all, every ordinary people might have cellulite in their body. It also said that Jenner’s view: “dimpled feminine flesh as a rite of passage into true womanhood.” and it was also reported that she wouldn’t mind having more cellulite in her body in future. The story features a zoomed-in photo of purported cellulite on Jenner’s leg. Also, after all these years of being a decathlete and going through dieting for years, the 67 year old Jenner might not want to do it anymore. “So let it be!” is what she might have been thinking. Also, the other reason maybe her daughter Kim’s cellulite pictures that surfaced online. This might just be a way to support her daughter.

Rumors or truth

This is not the only time some issues or sites posted a rumor about Caitlyn Jenner. Just last year, a issue of National Enquirer said that Jenner “wants her BIG, clunky-feet reduced to more lady-like proportions.” Again, this just a few days ago, radar online was on about exploring her sexuality online and enjoying a number of secret ‘cyber hookups’. The transgender star, Jenner has had gender reassignment surgery as well as she said she was never interested in men. There are many rumors which may include some truth about Jenner.

Short Bio on Caitlyn Jenner

Caitlyn Jenner is a decathlete turned TV personality. She is known by her previous name “Bruce Jenner”. The Olympic gold medal winner came out as a transgender in April 2015. She is the celebrity from the reality show “Keeping Up with Kardashians” along with her daughters. She has undergone a knee surgery before which she was a college football player for the Graceland Yellowjackets. More Bio…

