www.ibtimes.com/angelina-jolies-unhealthy-eating-sleeping-habits-not-true-report-says-2633872



Angelina Jolie's Unhealthy Eating, Sleeping Habits Not True, Report Says

Angelina Jolie is not going without sleep and food.

National Enquirer reported that the "Maleficent" star is reportedly on the "edge of a total collapse" because she overworked, barely eats and does not have enough sleep.

"There are times she feels light-headed and is on the verge of passing out," a so-called informant said. As for Jolie's food intake, she allegedly eats "mostly morsels of steamed veggies and fruit, very little protein, and water. "

"She drinks wine and smokes cigarettes. The fear is she's headed for a physical meltdown," the source added.

Gossip Cop debunked the said report. According to the publication, Jolie, 42, has suffered legitimate health problems in the past, but it is not true that Brad Pitt's ex is "going without food or sleep."

They reached out to Jolie's friend who described the reports about Jolie's unhealthy sleeping and eating habit as "completely nonsense." Also, Jolie already said that she is taking charge of her health. She knows that this is important considering that she has the kids with her following her split from Pitt.

"I actually feel more of a woman because I feel like I'm being smart about my choices," Jolie told Vanity Fair for its September cover. "And I'm putting my family first, and I'm in charge of my life and my health. I think that's what makes a woman complete."

Just recently, Jolie explained why she opted to have her kids homeschooled than attend a regular class. The "Salt" star admitted that she was concerned about their quality of education.

"It bothered me how little I was taught in school," Jolie said. "I do worry about my children's education. I homeschool partially because they are from around the world and it's very … I didn't want them to have the same education I had when it came to Vietnam or Cambodia."

At the time, Jolie and Pitt are working together for the best of their six children. "Angelina is busy with everything she is doing, including being a super mom to her kids," a source told the publication. "But she is doing fine and working with Brad on ways to continue their lives so everyone is happy."

Jolie and Pitt are selling their palatial property in Long Island for $55 million. Their family occupied the estate when she was filming "Salt" in 2009.

