www.cheatsheet.com/entertainment/gwen-stefani-and-blake-shelton-the-real-reason-this-power-couple-isnt-ready-to-get-married.html/

Chelsea Leary

Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton: The Real Reason This Power Couple Isn’t Ready to Get Married

Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton seem more in love than ever. However, that doesn’t mean they’re ready to get married. The musical duo and fellow Voice coaches began dating in November 2015, which has left fans hoping for wedding bells on the horizon.

They probably shouldn’t get their hopes up, because Stefani and Shelton don’t plan on tying the knot any time soon. Here’s the real reason why, including proof that those breakup rumors are totally false.

They both came out of marriages before their relationship

Miranda Lambert and Blake Shelton announced their divorce in 2015. | Rick Diamond/Getty Images Miranda Lambert and Blake Shelton announced their divorce in 2015. | Rick Diamond/Getty Images

We can imagine that one factor coming into play would be the fact that Stefani and Shelton’s romance seemingly sparked just after each of their divorces. In July 2015, Shelton announced his divorce from fellow country singer Miranda Lambert. Just one month later, Stefani and her husband of 13 years, Gavin Rossdale, also announced their divorce.

Even if Stefani and Shelton are head-over-heels in love, they might want to give it some time before they rush into tying the knot again.

Next: Here’s the sweet way the couple feels about each other.

They’re stronger than ever

Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani’s relationship is staying strong. | Christian Petersen/Getty Images Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani’s relationship is staying strong. | Christian Petersen/Getty Images

It’s easy to see that Stefani and Shelton are in love — and just because they aren’t rushing down the aisle doesn’t mean they aren’t stronger than ever.

According to Entertainment Tonight’s source, “They are on cloud nine for each other. They are perfect for each other. They know they have found their true soulmate.”

Next: This could be beneficial to their relationship.

They’re trying to stay out of the public eye

Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton met on The Voice. | NBC Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton met on The Voice. | NBC

Stefani and Shelton’s relationship may have blossomed on reality TV as The Voice coaches, but they’re trying to make their relationship a bit more private. E! News explained why the couple may be trying to keep their “very public relationship off the radar for awhile.”

They have no problem with showing off their love for each other, but their regular PDA led some to believe their relationship just couldn’t be real. Fellow Voice coach Adam Levine weighed in on just how real their relationship is, and the effects of their love being out there for everyone to see.

“Because it’s in the public eye, a lot of people want to have their own bullsh*t opinions about it, but I’m, like, there,” he explained. “I see it every day. I have a pretty unique perspective on it, and it’s real, man.” He added, “I’m so affectionate and gross with my wife — [but] this is a whole other level of … vomit.”

Next: That hasn’t stopped breakup rumors from spreading.

Rumors of their breakup have sparked

The two have faced breakup rumors. | Christopher Polk/Getty Images The two have faced breakup rumors. | Christopher Polk/Getty Images

Whether as a result of toning down their flirty behavior in public or the fact that they aren’t ready to get married, rumors began spreading that Stefani and Shelton have called it quits. In Touch Weekly reported that Shelton had dumped Stefani in February 2018, just before going on his Country Music Freaks tour.

A source reportedly claimed, “Blake’s through with Gwen’s neediness and all the drama: her demanding, critical ex-husband and her jealousy of him and other women.” They added, “She told him she didn’t want to spend her life in fear of her famous partner cheating on her.”

Next: Those rumors couldn’t be further from the truth.

Stefani’s been posting loving photos on Instagram

These two are fighting the breakup rumors. | These two are fighting the breakup rumors. | Gwen Stefani via Instagram

Since those rumors have surfaced, Stefani has shut those speculations down. She’s still posting adorable photos of herself and Shelton on her Instagram, showing to the world that they’re still going strong. She’s even joined Shelton on his Country Music Freaks tour and they’ve gotten pretty cuddly on stage (so they clearly aren’t staying completely out of the public eye together).

Even with these photos, In Touch Weekly’s source described them as “[Stefani’s] desperate attempt to ignore the truth.”

Next: This is the main reason they aren’t getting married.

They’re content in their relationship

Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani are happy with their current relationship status. | NBC Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani are happy with their current relationship status. | NBC

Despite the rumors, Stefani and Shelton don’t see a need to change anything in their relationship — so they aren’t going to. A source told Entertainment Tonight, “There is no reason for them to rush into a marriage, so they aren’t.”

They added, “Both of them are happy and content with where their relationship is right now.”

Next: Here’s what Shelton said about Stefani since the rumors sparked.

Shelton called Stefani the ‘greatest’

The two always gush about each other. | The two always gush about each other. | Gwen Stefani via Instagram

Although Shelton isn’t one to share personal photos with Stefani on social media, he’s spilled about his love for her in other ways. In March 2018, Shelton appeared on the Today show, where he gushed about Stefani.

“How can I not be [in love]? She is the greatest,” he spilled. “She is the greatest.” He even shared with Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb that he’s loved becoming a father figure to Stefani’s three children, Kingston, Zuma, and Apollo. “Having them around is, I don’t even know how to describe it. It’s so much fun.”

It sounds like Stefani and Shelton aren’t going their separate ways anytime soon. Maybe one day they will be hearing wedding bells, but for now, they’re enjoying their relationship as it is.

Check out The Cheat Sheet on Facebook!

