www.harpersbazaar.com/celebrity/latest/a13453462/taylor-swift-repuation-magazine-tabloid-criticism/

Erica Gonzales

Taylor Swift Hits Back at Tabloids

Taylor Swift is doing a lot to promote her new album, Reputation. Aside from the singles and music videos, the singer also released behind-the-scenes videos, branded UPS delivery trucks, and invited fans over for private listening parties. Next in the line-up is her special Reputation magazines, which Target will release on Friday, the same day as her album.

Swift's been teasing her personalized publications on social media since she announced her upcoming record. They include handwritten lyrics, personal polaroids, and paintings by the singer.

However, some fans noticed a few details in the magazines that have less to do with Swift's creative process. She shared the back covers of the publications today, revealing they're designed to look like celebrity tabloid magazine covers.

Taylor Swift / Instagram Story

Taylor Swift / Instagram Story

Fans noticed the headlines parody real tabloid stories about the star. The one titled "Who Is Olivia's Real Father?" is a playful reference to her cat but also appears to mock one OK! story that reported she was pregnant with the headline, "Who's The Dad?" Her second cover, with the headline, "Why She Disappeared," seems to mimic an Us Weekly issue with the same title.

As Buzzfeed points out, Swift even got the logos down. Her "TS Swiftly" emblem looks like Us Weekly's, while her "TS!!" one resembles OK!'s.



Taylor Swift threw shade at US Weekly for spreading lies and rumors about her with those back covers. pic.twitter.com/h9EEr8lts8 — Pop Crave (@PopCrave) November 8, 2017

The cover art for Swift's new album, filled with faux headlines and newspaper clippings, also references the theme of clapping back at critics and other real-life celebrity frenemies. While some praise the singer for "taking back the narrative," others disapprove of her attack on the media, which one Cosmo article notes is reflective of Trump's relationship with the press.

Swifties, however, have firmly aligned themselves with the former camp.

I love how Taylor is mocking those gossip tabloids, magazines and making her own magazine teasing us with "personal photos exposed" "why she disappeared?" like how media usually does.

She's literally taking back her narrative. You go, girl! pic.twitter.com/jvuOOKR9aL — ankita (@worldwidetayx) November 8, 2017

While haters and media were working to trash her, Taylor is working HARDER to uphold her reputation! We stan the best artist out there! — 𝓛𝑜𝓋𝑒, Rizal (@MalaySwifty) November 8, 2017

Reputation debuts this Friday, November 10.

