www.thehollywoodgossip.com/2018/04/kris-jenner-pregnant-at-age-62/

Hilton Hater

Kris Jenner: Pregnant at Age 62!

Just when we thought the latest run of Kardashian-Jenner offspring would come to an end with the upcoming birth of Khloe Kardashian's child...

... a brand new baby bombshell has been dropped:

Kris Jenner is pregnant!!!!!!

With an actual human being!

At age 62!

Jenner has been dating Corey Gamble for years now and has made no secret how excited she gets every time one of her kids welcomes a new little boy or girl into the world.

So we guess it shouldn't be a complete surprise that she has decided to become a parent herself once again.

"Kris simply saw the joy on Kylie and Khloe's faces when they were pregnant," an insider says, labeling Jenner as "jealous" and "curious" about whether she'd be able to procreate at her advanced age.

But medicine has come a long way over the past decade or so, and it allegedly didn't take long for Kris to have an answer to this question:

Yup, she sure can!

Jenner is toward the end of her first trimester, according to sources we are not at liberty to name just yet.

She's due to give birth in mid-September.

Will it be a boy or a girl? Yes, these same sources confirm, although it's unknown at this time which gender will be added to an ever-growing brood.

On February 1, Kylie Jenner gave birth to Stormi Webster.

Any day now, Khloe Kardashian is expected to welcome a daughter of her own.

In January, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West also welcomed a daughter, this one named Chicago.

Jenner, meanwhile, is already the mother of six kids. They are:

Kim, Kourtney, Khloe, Rob, Kylie and Kendall.

While Kris herself has not yet Tweeted about the news, her famous kids couldn't help doing so.

"Just #blessed," wrote Kim, who included a baby emoji and a surprised face emoji with her message.

"So happy for my mom," Tweeted Kourtney while posing in a bikini on some tropical vacation.

"Sheesh, thanks for stealing my thunder!" joked Khloe, adding that she is "beyond thrilled at this wonderful news."

Then there was Kendall, who used Instagram to share her well wishes.

"Wow! I did not see this one coming, but I just know mom will be an amazing mother once again," she wrote.

"Look at my burgeoning new bikini body!" Tweeted Kylie, while Rob chimed in as follows:

"I'm hungry."

The Hollywood Gossip, meanwhile, would like to include a message here to wrap things up ourselves.

And here it goes:

JUST KIDDING!

HAPPY APRIL FOOL'S DAY, READERS!!!!!

Did we get you?!?

