ultimateclassicrock.com/steven-tyler-seizure/

Michael Gallucci

UPDATE: Steven Tyler Denies Seizure Reports

Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler has denied reports that he had a seizure while touring in Brazil this week.

In a Facebook post on Saturday, Sept. 30, the singer declares that he "certainly did not have a heart attack or a seizure," and goes on to explain that he had to cancel the tour in order to have a procedure that could only be done in the United States. His full statement is embedded below.

Our original story, posted 9/28:

According to the Boston Globe, the 69-year-old singer suffered a seizure after the band's concert in Sao Paulo on Sept. 25. The paper notes that it’s "not clear what caused the seizure or if Tyler received a diagnosis before flying back to the States."

Aerosmith canceled a number of dates on their current tour following what was then referred to as Tyler's undisclosed illness. The band was in the middle of a South American tour when Tyler returned to the U.S. Monday night.

At the time, Tyler wrote on Facebook, "To everybody in South America – Brazil, Chile, Argentina and Mexico – I'm very sorry and feel like I've let you down. I won't be able to continue the last four shows of this tour. I flew back to the U.S. on doctor's orders last night after the show in São Paulo."

The Boston Globe reports that a source close to the band said Tyler had suffered a seizure, a clarification of a medical issue Tyler didn't identify earlier this week. "Please not to worry," Tyler wrote. "I am not in a life-threatening condition, but I need to deal with this right away and get some rest and medical care immediately in order to sustain and maintain my future performances. I promise I'll be back. Unfortunately, health does not wait and it's something even I can't schedule around our shows. As they say, 'We humans make plans, and God laughs.' I love you all and will be back with you soon."

Aerosmith have been hit with other medical problems lately. Last year, guitarist Joe Perry collapsed onstage while performing with the Hollywood Vampires. Aerosmith were scheduled to follow their current tour with a similar run in North America, but that was postponed so a new record could be put together instead.

