www.journalpost.com/entertainment/celeb/jennifer-lopez-marriage/



Jennifer Lopez speaks out about the future, marriage and the very real impact of positive mantras

Jennifer Lopez has spoken out about her relationship with Alex Rodriguez and where it is headed in the future. The singer fully believes in the power of positive thinking.

Lopez recently released a new song, Us, which she dedicated to Rodriguez at a concert in Minneapolis. She has been dating Rodriguez since March 2017, and the two have since blended their families together as well. Both Rodriguez and Lopez have two kids each from earlier marriages: he has a 13 year old daughter Natasha and a 9 year old daughter named Ella, and she has twins Max and Emme. However, as the couple’s relationship progresses, fans cannot help but wonder when J-Lo will get married, and whether she is already engaged in secret.

While speaking to Harper’s Bazaar, Lopez said, “I do believe in marriage. And I would love to grow old with somebody in a committed relationship. But I’m not forcing anything right now. It’s good, it’s healthy; we communicate well. We understand each other’s lives in a way that most other people couldn’t. We both entered the public eye in our early 20s and overachieved right from the start. And that affects every dynamic in your life, from your family to your work to your relationships. We have a similar makeup.”

Part of Lopez’s secret to success is an internalization of positive thoughts and happy mantras that get her through the day. A few of the ones lying on various furniture around her home are ‘no limits but the sky‘, ‘life is short, live your dream‘ and one of the most important, ‘I am youthful and timeless at every age‘.

REAL LIFE. REAL NEWS. REAL VOICES Help us tell more of the stories that matter from voices that too often remain unheard. Support Journal Post

Lopez, who is known for her perfect skin and body which she has maintained even at the age of 48, said, “Affirmations are so important. I am youthful and timeless. I tell myself that every day, a few times a day. It sounds like clichéd bullshit, but it’s not: Age is all in your mind. Look at Jane Fonda.”

During her interview, Lopez also talked about the #MeToo movement. She said that while she does not feel she has been harassed in the same way as the other women that have been coming forward with claims for a while now, she has definitely had her share of uncomfortable experiences when men in the industry thought she would do anything for a job.

She explained, “I haven’t been abused in the way some women have. But have I been told by a director to take off my shirt and show my boobs? Yes, I have. But did I do it? No, I did not. When I did speak up, I was terrified. I remember my heart beating out of my chest, thinking, ‘What did I do? This man is hiring me!’ It was one of my first movies. But in my mind I knew the behavior wasn’t right. It could have gone either way for me. But I think ultimately the Bronx in me was like, ‘Nah, we’re not having it.’”

Jennifer Lopez’s Us was released in February 2018.

