www.hellomagazine.com/celebrities/2016011729290/kate-hudson-angelina-jolie-childrens-day-out-kung-fu-panda-three-premiere/



Kate Hudson and Angelina Jolie enjoy family day out at Kung Fu Panda 3 premiere

It was all about the kids at the Hollywood premiere of the animated film Kung Fu Panda 3. Actresses Angelina Jolie, Kate Hudson and Naomi Watts all brought along their children for the film event, on Saturday.



Although she walked the red carpet alone, Angelina Jolie was later joined by five of her children. Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Vivienne and Knox joined their mother to watch the latest instalment of the triology, but Maddox and the actress’ husband Brad Pitt were not in attendance.

Angelina Jolie walked the red carpet alone but was later joined by her children to watch the film

The actress looked chic and sophisticated in a short black Saint Laurent shift dress, that highlighted her lean physique. She kept her look simple, wearing her long dark hair down and accessorizing her outfit with diamond earrings, two bracelets and her large sparkling wedding ring.



Also enjoying some bonding time with her children was Kate Hudson. The Almost Famous actress brought along her two sons Ryder and Bingham to watch the film. The 36-year-old looked stunning in a floor-length dress and pink lipstick.

Kate Hudson attended the premiere with her two sons Ryder and Bingham

Speaking to E! News at the People’s Choice Awards Kate said, "My kids are super excited [to see the movie]. It was so last minute for me and they were like ‘Do you want to come and do it? And I was like ‘Yes’ and it was all a bit of a whirlwind." The actress replaced Rebel Wilson as the voice of Mei Mei in the latest film.



The mum-of-two posed on the red carpet with her co-star Jack Black and his seven-year-old son Thomas. The comedian spoke to E! news about his excitement at the film’s release and explained why he thinks the film will be a huge success. "Here’s the thing, I can tell it’s going to be a hit because I’m have a little screening at my kid’s school," said the actor who stars as Po. "Insta sellout insta sellout. I think it’s a good test. Market research,” he added.

