hollywoodlife.com/2016/03/04/harry-styles-liam-payne-new-relationship-cheryl-fernandez-versini-heartbreak/

Beth Shilliday, Senior Evening Writer

Harry Styles Fears Liam Payne Will Get Heart Broken By Cheryl Fernandez-Versini

Oh no! We love Liam Payne and so do his 1D bandmates, which is why one of them is worried that he’s about to get seriously hurt by new love Cheryl Fernandez-Versini! HollywoodLife.com has the EXCLUSIVE details on why Harry Styles thinks she’s totally wrong for him.

Liam Payne, 22, has been spending lots of time with new girlfriend, British X-Factor judge Cheryl Fernadez-Versini, 32, as of late. While he seems totally enamored of their time together – even posting selfies of himself cudding on her lap – his pal Harry Styles, 22, is worried that the soon-to-be-divorced singer is going to break his heart, HollywoodLife.com has EXCLUSIVELY learned. Keep reading for the shocking reasons why Harry thinks they’re a terrible fit!

“Harry and Liam are the best of friends, so naturally he only wants the best for his buddy. However, Harry does have his concerns about his new relationship with Cheryl. He doesn’t want to see Liam get burned, a source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.

“Cheryl doesn’t have the best reputation when it comes to relationships. She’s been married twice, and in both marriages there was a lot of drama. Liam is the least dramatic person Harry knows. Out of all the guys in 1D, Liam is the most level-headed. He’s a peaceful person and pretty serene most of the time,” our insider adds. Get 1D’s Made In The A.M by clicking right here.

“When Cheryl met her second husband Jean-Bernard, the one she’s divorcing right now, they got married only three months after dating. Harry just wants Liam to be smart about this new relationship and take things slow. He doesn’t want to see his friend making any impulsive decisions that might lead to a heartbreak down the way.” our source tells us.

Cheryl, a former singer for the British girl group Girls Aloud, was married to former Chelsea footballer Ashley Cole, 35, from 2006 — 2010 and wed French playboy Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini on July 7, 2014 after a three-month courtship. She even changed her professional name for him, but she filed for divorce from on Jan. 10 of this year we’re really hoping for Liam’s sake that he’s not just going to be a rebound for her!

HollywoodLifers, what do you think of Liam and Cheryl’s new romance? Do you think she’s a good fit for him?

