radaronline.com/videos/ellen-degeneres-talk-show-host-boss-hell/

Radar Staff, December

Ellen DeGeneres – Talk Show Host Is The Boss From Hell According To Staffers

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Boss From Hell! Ellen DeGeneres Treats Her Talk Show Staff Like ‘Peasants!’ TV talker's a 'terror' & nothing like her public image, say insiders.

Forget that wide smile and friendly demeanor. RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively Ellen DeGeneres’ reputation as the “Queen of Nice” is total sham!

“Ellen’s public image is that of a sweetie who’s nice to everyone and is a real pussycat,” a source spilled. “But when the cameras aren’t rolling, she treats staffers as if they are her peasants!”

The talk show host, 59, allows only a few people to even speak to her, and staffers are expected to turn their backs when she walks by, dished an on-set spy.

“No one is allowed to engage Ellen in conversation or even look her in the eye!” the insider revealed. “She doesn’t even brief the staff about the show anymore!”

Insiders claim DeGeneres’ ego is so out of control that when one of her producers was recently asked if she’d support a charity, he said, “Ellen doesn’t work with charities. She IS a big charity!”

The Finding Dory star — whose estimated net worth is a staggering $360 million — is also very manipulative, according to on-set insiders.

“She picks and chooses people to be nice to when it’s to her advantage,” the insider spilled. “She’ll invite some staffers to fun outings and purposely exclude others to create tension, jealousy and hurt feelings.”

Trouble in the talkers’ marriage to Aussie beauty Portia de Rossi, 44, can also trigger an eruption, sources said.

“If she’s going through a rough spot with Portia, people really have to duck and cover,” an insider snitched.

What’s more, DeGeneres is an absolute perfectionist who explodes over the tiniest things, according to another source.

“One time, a loose thread was hanging off her slacks. Ellen noticed it when she was about to go on air and started screaming about how no one had told her,” said the source. “Then, instead of just tearing off the thread, Ellen demanded a whole new pair of slacks!

“Staffers never know what she’ll go off on, or who she’ll target. It’s like walking on eggshells.”

Does the truth about Ellen surprise you? Let us know in the comments section.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

