www.usatoday.com/story/life/entertainthis/2017/12/18/see-adorable-new-family-photo-william-kate-and-prince-george-princess-charlotte-2017-christmas-card/960279001/



See the adorable new family photo of William, Kate and kids from this year's Christmas card

Erin Jensen

USA TODAY

Is there an empty space on your holiday card holder where you long the Christmas wishes from Prince William, Duchess Kate, Prince George and Princess Charlotte to be?

Well, you're in luck, sort of. Kensington Palace has shared a new family photo of the foursome that was used on this year's card.

"The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are pleased to share a new photograph of their family. The image features on Their Royal Highnesses' Christmas card this year," the palace tweeted Monday. "The photograph was taken earlier this year by @ChrisJack_Getty at Kensington Palace."

In the photo with an ecru background, the royals coordinate by donning various shades of light blue. This time next year, they will be a family of five. Kensington Palace announced in October that Will and Kate were expecting a baby due in April.

The palace also had other news to share on the social media site Monday: Princess Charlotte will attend Willcocks Nursery School in London beginning in January, the palace's account tweeted.

"The Willcocks Nursery School has said: 'We are delighted that The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have chosen the Willcocks Nursery School for Princess Charlotte. We look forward to welcoming Charlotte to our nursery in January,'" Kensington Palace added.

More:Prince Harry interviews Barack Obama for upcoming radio show

More:Prince Harry and Meghan Markle set royal wedding date: May 19

If you have room on your card holder for one more royal Christmas card, you can also print out this tweet from Clarence House, featuring the Christmas card from Charles, Prince of Wales, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.

"The photograph was taken by Hugo Burnand at Highgrove in July during the private 70th Birthday party of The Duchess of Cornwall," the official residence for the pair tweeted Monday.

More:Princes William and Harry hit the 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' red carpet

More:Duchess Kate is perfection in a plum Seraphine maternity coat

