www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/kris-jenner-gets-hammered-takes-12031120

Lucy Needham, Image, Instagram

Kris Jenner gets hammered and takes on karaoke in boozy night in with the Kardashians

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

While she's on course to become a grandmother of eight this year, Kris Jenner is slowing absolutely no sign of slowing down and grabbing an early night any time soon.

The matriarch extraordinaire was filmed letting loose in spectacular style by making a right royal show of herself at a family party.

Kris' Valentine's Day 2018 plans involved guzzling a lot of booze, murdering karaoke classics and twerking to Sir Mix-a-lot.

And she can thank daughters Kim and Khloe Kardashian for unleashing the incredible footage on to the world.

(Image: Instagram) (Image: Instagram) (Image: Instagram)

The Klan gathered to celebrate Valentine's Day en masse this year, with the famous sisters - and partners including Kanye West and Tristan Thompson - sitting down together for a slap up meal.

As the slew of social media footage revealed, the house was opulently decorated for the occasion with red roses dripping from the ceiling, personalised chocolate place cards, and love hearts everywhere.

But after the sophisticated dining experience was over, things quickly got out of hand.

(Image: Instagram) (Image: Instagram)

After dessert was over, Khloe shared a video of a bleary-eyed Kris propped up between two friends as she took on the Karaoke machine.

"My idol," pregnant daughter Khloe told fans, as she shared footage of Kris, 62, murdering songs by Michael Jackson, Britney Spears and The Foundations.

After her questionable vocal performance was over, Kris unleashed her dance moves by griding away to Sir Mix-a-lot's booty-celebrating classic Baby Got Back.

(Image: Instagram) (Image: Instagram) (Image: Instagram)

Kim also got in on the action, sharing videos of her mum stumbling around on the sofas and telling her millions of followers how 'wasted' she was.

Eventually party animal Kris prepared to call it a night as she kicked off her heels and had a little nap on the sofa.

