celebrityinsider.org/kendall-jenner-didnt-warn-blake-griffin-to-stay-away-from-family-despite-reports-68743/

Brandon Fitch

Kendall Jenner Didn’t Warn Blake Griffin To Stay Away From Family, Despite Reports

There is a new report that claims Kendall Jenner warned her rumored new boyfriend Blake Griffin to stay away from her family. This is completely fake news. The false rumors say that the model is worried about the Kardashian-Jenner clan driving the NBA star away, but there is no truth to any of this.

Gossip Cop was the one that found out where things really stand between the two.

Marni to the rescue A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Sep 15, 2017 at 10:59am PDT

Kendall and Blake haven’t even confirmed yet that they are dating, but the pair was indeed spotted together on various outings in the past few weeks.

On Ok!’s website there was an article posted where she says that she is worried about her family interfering in her love life and as a result, she advised Blake to stay away from her sisters and mom.

A so-called source tells the magazine, ‘He’s been invited over to Kris’s for dinner numerous times, but Kendall’s told him to ignore the invites and keep away.’

The outlet’s dubious insider goes on to say Griffin isn’t totally comfortable shunning the Kardashians because he’s ‘worried he’s being rude, but ultimately he trusts Kendall’s judgment because the last thing he wants is to be cursed like Caitlyn [Jenner], Lamar Odom and so many others.’

it's here! LIMITED EDITION DropThree available exclusively @saks #KK❤️SAKS A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Sep 12, 2017 at 9:41am PDT

As for Griffin’s inner circle, the seemingly phony source further alleges, ‘His friends don’t think much of Kendall, who they see as stuck up and annoying.’

Advertisement

Gossip Cop also checked in with a source close to the whole situation who assures everyone that the outlet’s article is completely bogus. This is not the first time that the magazine presents false reports surrounding Kendall and Blake’s apparent relationship.

