www.elle.com/uk/life-and-culture/culture/a22660587/kendall-jenner-mental-breakdown/

Katie O'Malley

Kendall Jenner Reveals She Was On The 'Verge Of A Mental Breakdown' In 2017

Despite her multi-million pound modelling career and an internationally renowned reality show under her belt, Kendall Jenner wants you to know she far from 'has it all'.

In a candid new interview with LOVE Magazine, the 22-year-old opened up about the reason for her absence from the runway in recent months.

'Last season I didn't do any shows. Just ‘cause I was working in LA and I was like "Oof, I can't right now - I'm gonna go crazy",' she told the publication.

Instead, the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star chose to stay at home and prioritise her health.

Though she did eventually return to the catwalk in June for Versace in Milan, she admitted: 'I was on the verge of a mental breakdown.'

MIGUEL MEDINA Getty Images

However, the model was quick to acknowledge how much she cherishes her family and career. 'I feel very, very blessed and I think that I live a very extraordinary life,' she gushed.

'I wouldn't change it for the world but there are days where I wish I could walk outside and nothing would be like it is right now.'

Yesterday, her sister Kim Kardashian came to her defence after she was labelled 'despicable and self-absorbed', and alluded to Jenner's continuing battle with mental health issues.

Do u know Kendall? She’s the complete opposite &is the most generous,compassionate person I know! Her being standoffish is anxiety that paralyzes her which u take as rude! Only a despicable, entitled,unsympathetic,sadistic, uncharitable @self-absorbed human would write this tweet https://t.co/9Wwd9orILO — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) August 6, 2018

This isn't the first time the Victoria's Secret model has opened up about her 'debilitating anxiety'.

In an interview with Harper's Bazaar earlier this year, the Californian native admitted to BFF Cara Delevinge:

'I have such debilitating anxiety because of everything going on that I literally wake up in the middle of the night with full-on panic attacks. Where do I even start? Everything is so horrible, it’s hard to name one thing. I just think that the world needs so much love. I wish I had the power to send Cupid around the planet, as cheesy as that sounds.'

To manage the 'crushing' pressure she faces as a social media star, Kendall has admitted she refuses to read comments.

'I think Instagram is still a fun place for the most part,' she added. 'I like going on and seeing what people are up to, but I mostly follow stupid accounts with pictures of puppies and little baby animals and people saving animals.

In January, Kendall's mother Kris Jenner discussed her daughter's on-going battle with anxiety after the supermodel was overheard calling her during an episode of the family's television show.

In a piece to camera, the 'momager' said: 'Kendall has anxiety, and I think she has so much going on that she gets herself really worked up.

'Kendall gets the most anxious during Fashion Week, so when she's traveling a lot and Milan's coming up and trying to juggle it all, [it's] overwhelming.'

Lat December, Jenner announced she would no longer be updating her app because she needed a break from social media.

We respect Kendall so much for sharing her battle with anxiety and putting her health first.

