hollywoodlife.com/2017/05/26/kendall-jenner-leaving-reality-tv-quitting-kuwtk-show/

Erin Silvia, News Writer

Kendall Jenner Limiting Her ‘KUWTK’ Appearances: Why You’ll Barely See Her On TV

Move over, reality TV! HollywoodLife.com has EXCLUSIVELY learned that Kendall Jenner is ready to stop spending her time on ‘Keeping Up With the Kardashians’ and instead, focus on being a full-time model.

Despite being one of the most popular reality TV stars of this generation, Kendall Jenner, 21, has decided it’s time to move away from the small screen and walk on more runways. “Don’t expect to see Kendall starring in her own reality show anytime soon. Of course she’s really pleased for [sister] Kylie [Jenner], but Kendall wants to move away from that scene, and be taken seriously as a top model, and not as a reality star. Kendall will still make some appearances here and there in [KUWTK], and in Kylie’s new show, but only when she’s in town and around — she wants to limit her time on camera as much as possible,” a source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.

With Kendall’s recent eye-catching moments in Cannes, it’s no surprise that she wants to flaunt what she’s got and make it her career goal. “Kendall’s modeling career is going really amazing, and she’s worked so hard to be taken seriously. She feels like she’s finally getting there and that she’s now being booked because she’s Kendall the model, not just one of the Kardashians. Kendall is grateful for the start in her career that the show gave her, it was a great springboard for her, but at the same time, it was a hiderence—and it’s not the thing that she wants to be known for in her life. She wants to be known in her own right as a supermodel, to beat her own drum, and to make her own millions, away from the Kardashian family brand name,” our insider adds.

In addition to modeling, Kendall has been busy with many other endeavors. The brunette beauty just launched her newest clothing line with Kylie and was recently spotted having some fun with rumored rapper beau, A$AP Rocky, 28, in Cannes.

HollywoodLifers, what do you think about Kendall’s modeling decision? Tell us now!

