www.vogue.com/article/justin-bieber-selena-gomez-relationship-timeline

Condé Nast, Elise Taylo

A Detailed History of Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber’s On-Again, Off-Again Relationship

Over 2,665 days ago, Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez were spotted—arm in arm—at a Philadelphia IHOP. And so began the long, complicated, and endless saga of “Jelena,” which, in its latest of many twists, has the on-again, off-again couple once again hitting the “off“ switch.

How did we get here, exactly? You’re forgiven for not knowing. After all, IHOP was centuries ago, or at least 2010, when Barack Obama was a first-term president and America watched American Idol and Survivor. Here’s a comprehensive guide to their on-and-off, up-and-down, are-they-or-aren’t-they relationship.

December 2010—The Infamous IHOP Date

TMZ breaks the news that the teen idols enjoyed a “cuddly” date at an IHOP in Philadelphia ahead of a Q102’s Jingle Ball. Gomez tells Us Weekly that it was platonic, and that Bieber is “one of my best friends . . . It was just pancakes!”

Bieber, too, stays mum on the subject, telling MTV that she’s “an amazing person,” but, “I think that people are always gonna be interested in my personal life . . . but I gotta keep some things to myself. I’m just having fun being a teenager.”

January 2011—The New Year’s Weekend Kiss

With dating rumors swirling, paparazzi pictures catch the then 16- and 18-year-olds kissing on a yacht in St. Lucia, essentially proving what fans already suspected—they’re an item.

February 2011—The Big Debut

At the Vanity Fair Oscar Party, the teen-dream couple made their red carpet debut together, thereby confirming their relationship. They even take some lovey-dovey pictures in the photo booth.

May 2011—Young and (Visibly) in Love

After a glamorous appearance at the Billboard Music Awards, Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez jet off to Maui, Hawaii. Photographers catch them canoodling in the ocean–Gomez noticeably rocking some statement hoops—and the photos go viral.

September 2011—The Staples Center Date

Here we reach peak Jelena—reports surface that Bieber rented the entire Staples Center arena so he and his lady love could watch Titanic, alone. “Romance isn’t dead,” Bieber tweeted. “Treat your lady right fellas.”

November 2011—Baby Mama Drama

A storm brews in paradise as a woman accuses Bieber of fathering her child. After a paternity test, the case is thrown out.

December 2011–October 2012—All Is . . . Well?

For the next 10 months, all seems content on the Jelena front. They’re spotted at a Lakers game, on a helicopter ride, at the Teen Choice Awards, and celebrating her birthday. But some tabloid sites start alleging that the two may not be as solid as people think.

November 2012—The First Split

Bieber and Gomez break up for the first time. Conflicting schedules, trust issues, and their young ages are all rumored to be causes of the demise.

April 2013—Hidden Lyrics?

Although the two aren’t together, and despite the fact that Gomez tells Ryan Seacrest “it’s not really about a specific person,” fans theorize that her new song “Come & Get It,” with lyrics like “Can’t stop because I love it, hate the way I love you / All day all night, maybe I’m addicted for life, no lie,” is about Bieber.

