www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5550677/Ellen-DeGeneres-cuddles-wife-Portia-Rossi-tropical-snap-shared-Instagram.html

Tracy Wright, Tracy Wright For Dailymail.Com

Ellen DeGeneres cuddles up to wife Portia de Rossi on Instagram

They're set to celebrate one decade of wedded bliss later this year.

But Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi looked like a newlywed couple in love as the talk show host shared a selfie of the adorable couple to Instagram on Tuesday morning.

The 60-year-old comedian cozied up to her wife as the beautiful women smiled from ear-to-ear in front of lush, tropical greenery.

Beautiful: Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi looked like a newlywed couple in love as the talk show host shared a selfie of the adorable couple to Instagram on Tuesday morning

DeGeneres wrapped her tanned arm around her wife as the adorable couple smiled for the camera.

She captioned the sun-kissed image, 'Happy Spring Break, Everybody.'

While Ellen opted for a crisp white T-shirt, Portia appeared to be wearing a strappy olive green top complete with gold detailing.

Sweethearts: Ellen and Portia met in 2004 and have been together ever since; seen at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards

Both women showed off their bright eyes and glowing skin on what appeared to be a tropical beach setting.

Ellen and Portia met in 2004 and have been together ever since.

They're rumored to be celebrating their 10-year wedding anniversary with a special vow renewal ceremony in Australia, according to Woman's Day.

In an interview with Good Housekeeping magazine for her September cover story, Ellen professed her love for her wife.

Happily ever after: Ellen and Portia were married in an intimate backyard wedding in 2008; seen on Instagram

Fun! They're rumored to be celebrating their 10-year wedding anniversary with a special vow renewal ceremony in Australia, according to Woman's Day; pictured during Ellen's 60th birthday extravaganza

'She understands me completely,' DeGeneres said. 'She loves me for everything that I am. She supports me and makes me happy.'

The happy couple celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary on August 16.

Ten days before the nine-year marker, de Rossi filed a petition to legally change her name to Portia Lee James DeGeneres.

