www.billboard.com/articles/columns/hip-hop/8460233/kanye-west-all-smiles-battles-kardashians-family-feud

Gil Kaufman

Kanye West is All Smiles as He Battles Kardashians on 'Family Feud'

Snoop Dogg better watch his back because he may have some competition in the game show lane. Kanye West made his long-awaited debut on his favorite quiz show on Sunday night (June 10) when he and wife Kim Kardashian West faced off against the rest of the Kardashian clan on Family Feud. And while the families kept the usual array of drama to a minimum during the friendly competition, a visibly pregnant Khloe Kardashian could only smile and say "nope, not here Kim" when Kardashian West extended a friendly handshake during the sisters' face-off.

Khloe wouldn’t even shake my hand ------ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) June 11, 2018

Kim & Khloé at Family Feud. pic.twitter.com/zx0RtSrVbs — The Wests (@kuwthewests) June 7, 2018

The episode, which was taped in February, featured the Kardashian/Jenners playing against the Wests for $25,000 benefitting the Children's Hospital of Los Angeles. Kanye was all smiles during the show, with a quick buzzer hand when host Steve Harvey teed up the first question: "Name the top five reasons why Steve Harvey is a good kisser." Without hesitating, 'Ye slapped the red button and answered "Lips."

Clip from Sunday’s Kardashians vs Wests episode of Family Feud ------@kanyewest @KimKardashian pic.twitter.com/nnYnRnI3zo — Kanye Source (@KanyeSource) June 7, 2018

One of the other highlights of the show was when model Kendall Jenner threw some not-so-subtle shade at 'Ye over his support for Pres. Trump. "If you had a wild party and everybody's naked, who is someone you would hate to see show up?," host Steve Harvey asked.

"Donald Trump," said Kendall, who scored a point with the quip, which made everyone laugh out loud. Kendall's team included mother Kris Jenner, sister Khloe, cousin Cici Bussey, grandma M.J. and family friend Jonathan Cheban, who faced off against Kim, Kanye and his cousins, Jalil, Kim Wallace and Ricky Anderson.

Kanye has a permanent smile on his face during this whole Family Feud episode — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) June 11, 2018

Though Team West ended up losing, Kendall and Khloe let KimYe play the Fast Money round, where West proved once again that his confidence knows no bounds when he was asked "on a scale of 1-10 how sexy are you compared to the people you work with. Kanye's answer? 10, of course (though he had to downgrade it to 5 when the perfect score was already taken).

