www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/kylie-jenner-says-everyone-jealous-12232494

Kat Romero, Image, Instagram Kyliejenner, Instagram Stormireacts

Kylie Jenner sneers that 'everyone is jealous' of her post baby body after being slammed for promoting 'dangerous' waist trainers

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Kylie Jenner hasn’t been afraid to flaunt her slim post baby body after welcoming daughter Stormi on February 1.

But after the 20-year old faced criticism for crediting waist trainers for her weight loss, insiders say Kylie believes everyone is just“jealous” of her.

A source told Radar Online: “Kylie has been getting so much hate from everyone over the fact that she is ashamed about how fat she got while pregnant. Honestly, she couldn’t really care less what people think.

"She believes that everyone is just jealous that she is able to get so skinny so fast and they are not!"

(Image: Instagram/kyliejenner)

Kylie has been inundated with comments from fans who believe she’s risking her health by using a waist trainer to reclaim her shape.

Dismayed, one fan said: "My God. Is Kylie still advertising waist trainers to teenage girls?

"How can u [sic] be so filthy rich and still sell out for something that is so dumb and could potentially perpetuate negative body image in young girls."

Another said: "Find it so weird that the Kardashians/Jenners are multi millionaire uber cool influencers but still jam up their Instas with basic, basic ads.

"Kylie, I’m looking @ you with today's waist trainer."

(Image: Instagram/stormireacts)

A fourth then quipped: "Dear Kylie, your body is SUPPOSED to look like it does after giving birth. Stop promoting dangerous weight loss BS!!".

However, one fan rubbished this and jumped to Kylie's defense, saying: that she's free to do as she pleases.

But Mary Jane Minkin, clinical professor at Yale School of Medicine, told Women's Health : "Medically, it doesn't make sense that cinching your waist tightly will make it permanently smaller. Once you take the garment off, your body will return to its usual shape.

"It's also uncomfortable, restricts your movements, and if you wear it really tight, it can even make it difficult to breathe and theoretically could cause rib damage."

