hollywoodlife.com/2017/09/29/rihanna-hassan-jameel-romance-boyfriend-booty-call-crush/

Scott Baumgartner

Rihanna On Her Romance With Hassan Jameel — She Yearns To Be ‘More Than A Booty Call’

Trouble in paradise for Rihanna and Hassan Jameel? Our insiders say the pop star and her new flame are not seeing eye to eye! Here’s the EXCLUSIVE details!

It’s been a while since we’ve heard about Rihanna‘s, 29, blossoming romance with the insanely rich Hassan Jameel, also 29. In fact, it’s been way too long! And, according to our source, their relationship is stagnating due to their conflicting schedules. However, that might not be the only thing that this new relationship is facing! Head here for all the RiRi pics you can handle!

Rihanna and Hassan struggle to see each other,” a source close to Rihanna shares with HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “Always waiting for him makes Rihanna ‘s heart ache and she desires more stability with Hassan. She is tired of dating players and does not want to be just a booty call to Hassan, she yearns for something more. Rihanna has a huge crush on Hassan and wants to be in a more regular, stable, healthy relationship. She wishes he would make more time for her but even on “Due to their hectic schedules,and Hassan struggle to see each other,” a source close to Rihanna shares withEXCLUSIVELY. “Always waiting for him makes‘s heart ache and she desires more stability with Hassan. She is tired of dating players and does not want to be just a booty call to Hassan, she yearns for something more.has a huge crush on Hassan and wants to be in a more regular, stable, healthy relationship. She wishes he would make more time for her but even on rare date nights , like last night in London, she still finds herself waiting for him.” Oh no! Our insider went on to add that oftentimes Rihanna is frustrated by his behavior but she finds herself putting up with it. “When he is there he treats her like a queen, but then he can be hot and cold and put her on the back burner too. It’s confusing and frustrating to Rihanna . Just last night Hassan needed to talk private business with a friend, so he had Rihanna wait for him in the car during their date. She is disappointed that she is not his top priority when they are together but she forgives him because she is falling in love with him.” Wow! Still, that’s no way to treat pop royalty!

HollywoodLifers, are you worried about Rihanna’s new relationship? Let us know!

