www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/gigi-hadid-zayn-malik-anxiety-136678

Paulina Jayne Isaac

Gigi Hadid Begs Zayn Malik to Quit Touring Due to Severe Anxiety

There's a possibility that Zayn Malik will stop touring completely if girlfriend Gigi Hadid has anything to do with it!

The former One Direction singer struggles with anxiety and has suffered panic attacks due to the pressure of performing in front of large crowds. Gigi worries about Zayn and wants him to take a step back from his music and focus on his mental health for awhile, but sources tell Life & Style that Zayn isn't sure that would be best for him.

MORE: Gigi Hadid Didn't Always Plan on Being a Model — Instead, She Wanted to Play Sports in College!

“Gigi suggested to Zayn that he needs to take a year off to focus on himself and that he should just quit touring,” the source reveals. "The panic attacks are so severe that Zayn can barely breathe or move."

But, it's not just Gigi who is concerned about the extreme anxiety. Zayn is also desperate to get better. The "Pillowtalk" singer has tried acupuncture and therapy but nothing has helped him get rid of the attacks. The model thinks that focusing on some of his other hobbies might give him relief from his anxiety.

"He loves cooking, and it helps him relax,” the source continues, “so Gigi suggested he pursue that more seriously.”

MORE: Gigi Hadid's Detachable Booty Short Jeans Will Make You Second-Guess "Fashion"

We hope Zayn can find a way to help alleviate his anxiety and if not, possibly take a break from touring in order to ensure that his health doesn't suffer. But he's worried about disappointing fans.

"I cannot apologize enough but I want to be honest with everyone who has patiently waited to see me, I promise I will do my best to make this up to everybody I've let down today," he wrote to his fans last year after pulling out of a scheduled performance. "I know those who suffer anxiety will understand and I hope those who don't can empathize with my situation."

We don't doubt that fans will support his decision no matter what.

