www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/angelina-jolie-being-consoled-johnny-8910054

Mirror .Co.Uk, Image, Reuters, Justin Tallis Pa, Getty, Getty Images

Angelina Jolie being 'consoled' by Johnny Depp as she gears up for divorce battle with Brad Pitt

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Angelina Jolie is being consoled by her former co-star Johnny Depp in the wake of her split from Brad Pitt, it's been claimed.

The mum-of-six, 41, and Johnny starred together in romantic thriller Tourist back in 2009 and are said to have remained friends ever since.

The pair also share the same divorce lawyer, Laura Wasser, who represented Johnny through his divorce from estranged wife Amber Heard.

Johnny, 53, reportedly recommended Laura, who has worked with a string of high-profile celebrity clients in the past, to Angelina after the actress was there to support him during his bitter break up.

"Angelina idolised Johnny for years before she worked with him on The Tourist, and then the pair of them really hit it off on set," a source claimed to The Sun.

They continued: “But the two of them have stayed in touch ever since then, and spoke regularly during the storm that surrounded Johnny’s break up with Amber.

(Image: Justin Tallis/PA)

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

“There’s no suggestion that their closeness played any part in Angelina and Brad’s split. But they have been speaking about the situation, and Angelina hired Johnny’s lawyer to represent her based on the advice that he has given her.

“Her friends are now speculating about what could happen between them if she and Brad are not reconciled and their divorce goes through.”

Meanwhile, Hollywood star Brad - who is said to be 'wrecked' by the fact he hasn't been able to see his kids - is at the centre of claims he clashed with 15-year-old son Maddox on board a private plane days before his wife filed for divorce.

TMZ reports that although the FBI is investigating the incident between Brad, 52, and Maddox, the case is likely to be dropped as conflicting accounts make it impossible to prove what happened.

And according to the website: "DCFS [Department of Children & Family Services] social workers saw no evidence of injuries on Maddox and no one filed a police report after the incident."

(Image: Getty)

(Image: Getty)

Sources close to Brad have previously insisted that allegations of abuse against him are "exaggerated and fabricated" with sources close to the actor hitting out at the "smear campaign" against him.

A source told DailyMail.com: "These claims are exaggerated and fabricated.

"It's unfortunate for the whole family that people are insisting on continuing this endless smear campaign against Brad that hurts everyone.

"They are a solid family with two caring parents and a normal share of verbal disagreements like major households.

(Image: Getty Images)

"Hopefully people can move on and leave them all alone to work this out."

Maddox was adopted by Angelina from Cambodia when he was only a few months old in 2002 and Brad, who started dating Angelina a few years later, adopted him in 2006.

The couple also have children Pax, 12, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, and twins Knox and Vivienne, eight together and all six children were onboard the flight when the row broke out.

Mirror Celebs has contacted reps for Angelina and Johnny for comment.

