www.iheart.com/content/2017-09-25-celebrities-react-nfl-players-kneel-lock-arms-during-national-anthem/

Michael Lewittes

Celebrities React: NFL Players Kneel, Lock Arms During National Anthem

On Sunday morning, Trump returned to the topic on Twitter. He wrote, “NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.” Following some players locking arms, while other knelt during the National Anthem, the president again tweeted, “Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!”

Now celebrities are reacting. Ellen DeGeneres tweeted, “As a football fan, I am proud of the NFL players today. Nothing is more American than the right to peacefully protest.” Brooklyn Decker asked, “How did 1 person get us to a place where if you stand during the anthem you support white supremacy & if you kneel you are unpatriotic?” And George Lopez wrote, “Standing in Unity, locked arms and standing proud (its suppose to be #takingaknee).”

In a long instagram post, Elisabeth Hasselbeck offered, “Notes on today, the @NFL and our #NationalAnthem -We have a leader that used bombastic hurtful language and that is not helpful. ( and in fact it is hurtful.) -We have a flag that represents our freedoms- which ironically includes protesting the very flag which permits that freedom. -Standing or kneeling is up to the heart of each citizen. Everyone’s reasons are different. That is what makes this country free.” She added that personally “I stand for the flag and the national anthem because somewhere, each day a member of our military (regardless of gender, race, religion) IS STANDING for my freedom. For me: I stand because standing and placing my hand on my heart is the least I can do for those who stand each day for our liberty. – I kneel on both knees because I am praying for this country, its leaders and our children.”

George Takei questioned, “Donald says taking the knee disrespects those who fought for freedoms we enjoy, yet he wants to deny players’ 1st amendment right to do it??” Alyssa Milano simply wrote, “#TakeTheKnee.” “Protests are supposed to upset and challenge people. That’s the whole f**king point,” tweeted Andy Richter.

In response to Trump tweeting that the NFL’s ratings are down this season, Chelsea Handler responded, “I’m watching my first day of Sunday football today, because of you, so I would assume many more are doing the same. Racist.” Meanwhile, Zendaya limited her commenting to one word, “Solidarity.” Gossip Cop will update as more celebrities react to NFL players taking a knee or locking arms during the National Anthem.

