people.com/tv/leah-remini-scientology-accused-me-of-ruining-tom-cruises-wedding/



Leah Remini Says Scientology Accused Her of 'Ruining' Tom Cruise's Wedding with Her 'Horrible Behavior'

Image zoom ABC News

ABC Breaking News | Latest News VideosLeah Remini is opening up about her three decades in Scientology and why she decided to leave. Subscribe now for this exclusive interview full of explosive new details, only in PEOPLE!

Leah Remini says attending the wedding of Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes ended up not being a fairytale for the Kings of Queens actress.

In a revealing new interview, the actress spoke with 20/20 about her new tell-all book, Troublemaker: Surviving Hollywood and Scientology, in which she discusses her separation from Scientology.

Remini, 45, said that the Church of Scientology invited her to Cruise’s 2006 wedding in Italy, and she was asked to invite her friend Jennifer Lopez and Lopez’s then-husband Marc Anthony. Remini claimed that during the three-day wedding, Church of Scientology officials attempted to separate her from Lopez.

“They were trying to extract me,” she said. “I can only assume because they wanted to make Jennifer a Scientologist. Maybe I was barring that road for them.”

Remini said she also caused a stir at the wedding by repeatedly asking church officials why Scientology leader Miscavige’s wife, Shelly, wasn’t with him.

“Shelly was always where David Miscavige was,” Remini said. “It was a wedding of the century it was like, ‘where s Shelly?'”

Shelly’s disappearance from public view has long caused controversy, though Scientology has repeatedly stated she isn’t missing and the L.A.P.D. ruled a 2014 missing-persons report filed by Remini “unfounded,” saying officers had met with Shelly. In a statement provided to ABC, the Church of Scientology criticized what it termed Remini’s “bizarre efforts to harass the Church of Scientology’s leader and his wife, whom Ms. Remini has been obsessed with for years.”

Remini says that upon returning home from the wedding, she was informed a number of wedding guests had filed reports with the church complaining about her behavior, saying she had been loud and rude.

According to Remini, the reports claimed she had “disrupted the wedding” and “basically destroyed the wedding.” She said she felt she was being reprimanded for her “horrible behavior.”

Earlier, Remini had written her own report to the church complaining about the wedding, saying Cruise and church head David Miscavige were damaging Scientology.

“Basically I was being asked to recant what I said, to apologize for ruining the wedding of the century,” Remini told 20/20.

The church denied her claims, with a spokesperson telling ABC News, “Every claim Miss Remini has made is not only untrue but ridiculous and stupid.”

In the 20/20 interview, Remini said Holmes was one of the people who filed a report with the Church of Scientology criticizing Remini’s wedding behavior.

In response to a request for comment from 20/20, Holmes issued the following statement, which was provided to PEOPLE by her publicist:

“I regret having upset Leah in the past, and wish her only the best in the future,” Holmes said.

She did not comment to 20/20 about the alleged report against Remini.

Church International Spokesperson Karin Pouw previously told PEOPLE in a statement that Remini’s claims are an effort to drum up attention for herself.

“It comes as no surprise that someone as self-absorbed as Leah Remini with an insatiable craving for attention would exploit her former faith as a publicity stunt by rewriting her history with it, including omitting that she was participating in a program to remain a Scientologist by her own choice, as she was on the verge of being expelled for her ethical lapses,” Pouw said.

20/20 airs Fridays (10 p.m. ET) on ABC.

