https://web.archive.org/web/20171213101043/http://allthingsoneplace.me:80/camilla-warned-meghan-markle-about-marrying-to-prince-harry/

Brian Johnson, Julie Williams, Mary Isabella Kidd

Camilla Warned Meghan Markle About Marrying To Prince Harry

Looks like there may be some trouble in paradise for Meghan Markle. Camilla Parker Bowles has allegedly warned the Suits star to stay away from Prince Harry but will she follow through?

According to Inquistr, Bowles was in Toronto last weekend and told Markle that she shouldn’t exchange vows with Harry. The actor has been dating the British prince since November 2016 and gotten along great with other members of the royal family. That might have changed after Markle agreed to meet Bowles on the occasion of Canada’s 150th anniversary.

Prince Harry has iftari with Muslim community in Singapore

“Camilla told Meghan that she didn’t like her relationship with Harry and that she should think twice before agreeing to his marriage proposal. Otherwise, Camilla was planning to make her life very tough,” a source revealed. “She’s long thought Meghan isn’t good enough for Harry and told her that she’s not welcome in the royal family.”

This isn’t the first sign of hostility from the Royals either. In January, rumours surfaced that Bowles was trying hard to ensure the youngsters’ romance didn’t last. Bowles doesn’t like Markle because she has been married in the past and brings a celebrity status to the royal family. Bowles was also thought to be the reason Prince William broke up with Kate Middleton in 2007.

Meanwhile, Daily Mail has released excerpts from Markle’s personal diary that show that the relationship is quite stressful. Between her acting career and Harry’s royal status in England, the two hardly have any time away from the media. That said, Markle’s diary closes with her thinking about a possible wedding, and it looks like 2018 might be the year. Of course, that will change if Bowles gets her way.

Harry confirmed his romance with Markle in November by issuing an official statement that slammed the media for hounding the latter. Although Harry is clearly protective of her privacy, the Markle family might be getting their own reality TV series called Meet the Markles in the near future.

Camilla Parker Bowles clawed and fought her way to acceptance into the British royal family and can’t understand how easy it is for one woman to be so warmly welcomed. Granted, this woman isn’t having an affair with a married future king or is central to placing the monarchy in a scandal. Instead, she’s an American who has caught the eye of a younger royal. Times have changed and tolerance for the unconventional exists more now than it did when Camilla was having an affair with Charles while he was married to the late Princess Diana.

The past lingers in the Duchess’ mind

A palace insider claims that Camilla Parker Bowles is resentful at how easy it is for #Meghan Markle to make her way into the firm.

She’s being warmly welcomed by the Windsors. The source sums it up by saying that Parker Bowles can’t believe “what an easy entree” Meghan is getting. It’s far easier for her to gain acceptance by everyone than it was for her. This is especially true of the queen, “who made her life hell” when she was dating Charles. Everything is fine now, but it was a rough ride for quite a while.

The source adds that “it’s as if a circle of Rottweilers” are sur Meghan because no one can say a bad word about her. Prince Harry is in love with Markle and wants support from his family. He’s getting it, according to the report.

The source continues that Camilla Parker Bowles intends to “obstruct” Meghan Markle’s path in any way that she can. It’s unfair in her eyes that this woman who isn’t even British is having it so easy.

