radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/07/joe-jackson-funeral-family-feud-explodes-patriarch-services/

Michael Glynn, James Vituscka, July

Joe Jackson Funeral- Family Feud Explodes At Patriarch's Services

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Jackson Family Feud Explodes At Patriarch Joe's Funeral Paris and Janet Jackson 'are not speaking' after fight, source claims.

Joe Jackson was laid to rest in a private funeral yesterday afternoon at Forest Lawn in Glendale, California. But the famous family couldn’t stop feuding long enough to let their patriarch rest in peace!

RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that superstar Janet, 52, and her niece Paris, 20, refused to speak and kept far away from each other during the services.

“Paris was almost unnoticeable at the funeral, and chose to stay away from her father’s siblings,” a source told Radar. “She was definitely frosty.”

A separate Jackson family insider told Radar that the model is furious with her aunt for not spending Joe’s last days by his side.

“Paris thinks Janet is acting fake,” the insider said. (As Radar has previously reported, Janet and her father had a notoriously tumultuous relationship.)

Radar previously reported that Janet and Paris were fighting over who would cover the costs of the funeral.

“Paris believes her grandpa is a legend and should be treated as such,” a source told Radar last week.

While Paris and Janet snubbed each other, Joe’s daughter LaToya fought with his grandson Taj, the son of Tito Jackson.

“Taj is very protective of his grandpa, and he feels that it was disrespectful for her to attend,” the insider told Radar. (LaToya accused Joe of sexual abuse in her 1991 memoir.)

As Radar reported, Joe died after a battle with cancer on June 17. He was 89.

The source told Radar Joe was buried outside of the mausoleum where Michael was laid to rest in 2009.

Though celebrities including Jay Z, Wyclef Jean, Tyler Perry and Diana Ross were invited to the funeral, none of the stars attended.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

For the biggest celebrity news stories of the day, controversies, crime, and other hot topics listen to our new podcast ‘All Rise’ below!



