www.digitalspy.com/movies/oscars/news/a851658/stats-show-women-barely-speak-oscars-best-picture-films/

Susannah Alexander

Stats show women barely speak in the Oscars' Best Picture-winning films

The 2018 Oscars ceremony was dominated by discussion of the Time's Up movement – but new statistics have revealed that gender inequality in the film industry seeps into the movies themselves too.

Stats compiled by The Pudding have revealed that most films that have won Best Picture at the Oscars feature hardly any women with speaking roles of 100 words or more.

The researchers, who say they have "Googled our way to 8,000 screenplays and matched each character's lines to an actor", compiled the number of words spoken by male and female characters.

Think about this when the Oscars' men's and women's awards suggest parity of any sort. I've seen these numbers, about how speech is apportioned in films, but this chart is really striking. ht @ellentejle pic.twitter.com/JIwgDKOPhQ — Soraya Chemaly (@schemaly) March 4, 2018

Many films which have picked up the Best Picture trophy, such as 12 Years a Slave, No Country for Old Men, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King and Schindler's List, have had very few female characters with a significant amount of dialogue.

Even in some of the most recent winning films, such as 2016's winner Spotlight, the proportion of men speaking heavily outweighs female dialogue.

This year's Best Picture winner, The Shape of Water, features a woman (played by Sally Hawkins) as the lead, but she is mute and does not speak in the film.

20th Century Fox

The researchers found that even in films which feature female leads, the majority of the dialogue is spoken by men.

When comparing Disney films, only four – Inside Out, Alice in Wonderland, Maleficent and Sleeping Beauty – featured women speaking over 60% of the dialogue.

Despite Pocahontas, Mulan and The Little Mermaid all focusing on female characters, women had less than half of the film's lines.

Disney

They also found that, as actors age, men get more and more lines in films while women's speaking time diminishes as they get older.

People are, needless to say, not very impressed with these findings:

The best thing about this is all the men commenting that there are no women speakers because these films are ABOUT men. Umm, kinda the problem?Maybe? https://t.co/Y2e3krI5jZ — Mamasama (@mamasama) March 6, 2018

What I find most disturbing about this is the way it's so "normal", we barely even see it any more. — Kate Long (@volewriter) March 5, 2018

Regarding film dialogue in film. Even films with female leads the dialogue swings male. Screenwriters, your time is up! #womeninfilm https://t.co/AJz1dOVWKF — Ellen Tejle (@ellentejle) March 5, 2018

Frances McDormand, who won the Best Actress award at this year's Oscars, took a stand while accepting her trophy by asking all the female nominees in the room to stand with her.

We're right with you, Frances.

Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.

