metro.co.uk/2018/03/15/jennifer-aniston-ready-mingle-justin-theroux-starts-dating-7389441/

Tobi Akingbade

Is Jennifer Aniston ready to mingle as Justin Theroux starts ‘dating again’?

Is Jen ready to date again? (Picture: Getty Images)

Is Jennifer Aniston is ready to look for love again? Should people get their CVs ready for a shot at a relationship with her?

The Friends star is back on the market since separating from her husband Justin Theroux – but is ready to mingle seeing as her ex is reportedly dating again.

The 49-year-old may have just split from her 46-year-old husband but that’s is not going to stop her from living her best life.

‘Jen is in a good place right now and very much satisfied with how things are panning out after her separation with Justin,’ a source told HollywoodLife.com.

Jennifer and Justin announced their split in February (Picture: AP)

The insider continued: ‘She likes having the monkey off her back and she is enjoying being single. She loves being able to do her own thing and to only have to report to herself.’

Advertisement

Advertisement

But is she ready jump back into the dating pool?

‘Love is taking a back seat as she is much more interested in her work and just living life. She doesn’t have any eyes for a man right now and is taking her newly available time for herself,’ the source concluded.

That’s right Jen – you don’t need a man to live your life to the fullest.

Both actors have not yet spoken out about their split since releasing a joint statement in February that read: ‘In an effort to reduce any further speculation, we have decided to announce our separation.

This decision was mutual and lovingly made at the end of last year. We are two best friends who have decided to part ways as a couple, but look forward to continuing our cherished friendship.’

These reports come after it was said that Justin has reportedly started dating the artist and photographer Petra Collins.

Justin is said to be dating artist Petra Colins (Picture: Getty)

Star magazine has claimed the actor and screenwriter is ‘obsessed’ with the Canadian and has been ‘enjoying cosy dinner dates’ with the 25-year-old, who’s a regular on the glittering social circuit.

A source told the publication: ‘Justin and Petra have been carrying on for some time. He insists that they’re just “friends” but he seems obsessed with her, and Jen isn’t buying it.’

Advertisement

Advertisement

According to the source the two met on the ‘New York arts scene and hit it off right away’.

Then last month, the actor tagged Petra in one of his Instagram shots shortly before he and Jen released a statement proclaiming their separation after three years of marriage.

The two of them – headless, weirdly – posed next to each other in T-shirts by designer pal Adam Selman – which has now been taken over by comments and speculation by followers and fans.

Metro.co.uk contacted reps for comment.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Jennifer Aniston is living her best life as she parties in photobooth following Justin Theroux split

MORE: Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux reach agreement over custody of dogs

