www.intouchweekly.com/posts/jennifer-aniston-will-arnett-156384

Dan Clarendon

Jennifer Aniston and Will Arnett Getting Closer, Spotted at Oscars After-Party

We're all still rooting for a reunion between ex-spouses Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt — since Brad is divorcing second wife Angelina Jolie and Jen is separated from second husband Justin Theroux. But in the meantime, Jen is apparently getting cozy with Arrested Development star Will Arnett.

An eyewitness spotted the pair at Jimmy Kimmel's Oscar after-party earlier this month. "She was beaming and in great spirits," the source exclusively tells In Touch in the issue on newsstands now. "She caught up with friends with Will by her side, and they looked really good together."

In fact, the Friends star was so happy, she didn't even care that her ex John Mayer was also in attendance at the party. "She just ignored John," the source adds. Then, after a requisite amount of schmoozing, Jen and Will "sneaked out" of the shindig.

via GIPHY

Will, whom you'd also recognize from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and The Lego Batman Movie, was previously married to The Artist actress Penelope Ann Miller and then Parks and Recreation star Amy Poehler. He and Amy, who welcomed two kids together, divorced in 2016 after nearly 13 years of marriage. After that split, the 47-year-old dated Nerve actress Arielle Vandenberg, and he was also romantically linked to celeb chef Katie Lee and Friends alum Courteney Cox, Jen's co-star!

Courteney isn't the connection between these two movie stars, though. Will and Jen never starred in anything together, but they did appear on the same episode of The Gong Show in August, they both attended Jason Bateman's Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony in July, and they both popped up NBC's TV special Must See TV: A Tribute to James Burrows in 2016.

With this Will Arnett news, we're even more convinced Jennifer has a thing for comedic talent. The 49-year-old once dated her The Break-Up co-star Vince Vaughn, if you'll recall. Plus, Jon Stewart is rumored to be an ex of hers, and even Justin Theroux has been known to crack wise. (He co-wrote the big-screen comedies Tropic Thunder and Zoolander 2, for instance.)

Speaking of whom, Justin has wasted no time moving on from Jen, it seems. As In Touch learned, he's been "leaning on" actress Olivia Munn. All these break-ups and hook-ups… Ever get the sense that the Hollywood dating scene is just a game of musical chairs?

