www.cosmopolitan.com/uk/entertainment/a20885414/khloe-kardashian-tristan-thompson-marriage-rumours-shut-down/

Anna Lewis, News Editor, Anna Lewis Is The News Editor At Delish Uk, Which Means She S Always Either Writing About Food, Cooking Food Or Eating Food.

Khloe Kardashian seems to have well and truly shut down Tristan Thompson marriage rumours

Khloe Kardashian is officially not here to take anyone’s shit. And we love her for it.

Yesterday, People magazine published a story based on quotes from a “source” that said Khloe is happy with her decision to stay in Cleveland with baby True, and that she’s keen to marry Tristan Thompson eventually, despite all that nasty cheating business.

Getty Images

“Khloe wants to get married eventually, but there are no serious wedding talks yet,” the source said. “She does talk about a future with Tristan, though. She believes they can figure things out and have a happy life together.”

Two hours after the story was published, Khloe tweeted: “I can’t believe some of the stories people create. Where do they come from and who are these “sources”? Hummmm.”

In fairness, Khloe may not have been referring to this story in particular. But she also may very well have been. You get me?

Khloe still hasn’t directly commented on the Tristan situation, but she certainly has been posting some super-cryptic quotes on her social media, which give us absolutely no insight into what the hell is going on. So that’s fun…

First she tweeted this last week: “You will never ever regret being kind to someone.”

Then when someone commented, “Unless they're ungrateful for it”, she replied, “Never give to get. Always try to give without expectations. Whether that be something tangible or emotional.”

Then yesterday she went on Instagram Stories to write: “Your mind will always believe everything you tell it. Feed it faith. Feed it truth. Feed it with love.”

And then: “Nobody cares about your story until you win. So win.”

Soooooooo, you marrying Tristan or not, Khloe?

