deadline.com/2017/10/hollywood-celebrates-harvey-weinstein-academy-expulsion-online-1202188577/

Bruce Haring

Hollywood Celebrates Harvey Weinstein Academy Expulsion With Online Glee

Refresh for updates The decision today to expel producer Harvey Weinstein from the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences was celebrated by many in Hollywood.

After an emergency meeting by the board of governors, a statement was issued that said the era of “willful ignorance” was over and that conduct like that alleged about Weinstein has “no place in our society.”

Even though he has been expelled from the Academy, Rose McGowan continues to speak out against Weinstein after being suspended from and leading a boycott from the social media platform.

My aunt is in pain because of you, you predator. I damn you to the ends of the earth. pic.twitter.com/Yq31sOF9x0 — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 14, 2017

She also took to Instagram to post a video of herself with the caption, “We slay dragons.”

Many, including Ronan Farrow who wrote The New Yorker expose on Weinstein, simply posted the announcement from the Academy Academy Award winner Marlee Matlin tweeted, “Bravo to the @TheAcademy. And bravo to highlighting “willful ignorance and complicity.'” while former co-host of The View Jedediah Bila had one word for the news: “Good.”

Related Story Alec Baldwin Blasts Fox News For Hypocrisy After Attack On Harvey Weinstein

Weinstein expelled from Academy. Statement: pic.twitter.com/eEdxLstpPG — Ronan Farrow (@RonanFarrow) October 14, 2017

Here are some more comments from Hollywood and the Beltway so far. Deadline will update them as they roll in:

As a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences I am proud of their decision to expel Harvey Weinstein. — Ron Perlman (@perlmutations) October 14, 2017

So now that we’ve dealt with Weinstein what are we going to do about Trump? — Josh Gad (@joshgad) October 14, 2017

Of course. These are sick men who hurt people in ways which destroy lives. The Access Hollywood tape epitomizes what these people believe. https://t.co/UwTiRgBfHc — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) October 14, 2017

Good lord. Between Harvey, Donald and Bernie, women are reliving all KINDS of pain. I want to hug all of you right now. Every single woman. — Amber Tamblyn (@ambertamblyn) October 14, 2017

Amen, the academy!!! — Emmy Rossum (@emmyrossum) October 14, 2017

Proud of the @TheAcademy! Harvey Weinstein is out. There are others- but hopefully we are witnessing the end of an awful era. — Mia Farrow (@MiaFarrow) October 14, 2017

Terse, heavy statement right there from the Academy. #Boom pic.twitter.com/z3F5bVeKU5 — Jeffrey Wright (@jfreewright) October 14, 2017

Now that the Academy has acted, it's time for Congress to step up and remove the Predator in Chief — Rene Auberjonois (@reneauberjonois) October 14, 2017

With every new allegation Harvey Weinstein becomes more and more qualified to be the next GOP candidate for #POTUS — Greg Grunberg (@greggrunberg) October 14, 2017

Serial Rapist Weinstein suffers unimaginable punishment,

Kicked out of Academy of motion pictures. Cosby still a member. — Christopher Titus (@TitusNation) October 14, 2017

Motion Picture Academy expels Harvey Weinstein immediately shaming a man whose acknowledged he can't be shamed — Andrea Mitchell (@mitchellreports) October 14, 2017

I’m sorry but anyone who voted for Trump is not allowed to voice any opinion about Harvey Weinstein #sameperson #samediff — candis cayne (@candiscayne) October 14, 2017

No more screeners for Harvey. — colton dunn (@captdope) October 14, 2017

So @TheAcademy has voted to expel Harvey Weinstein. Good. A reminder that Roman Polanski and Bill Cosby are still members. Keep going. pic.twitter.com/zf2QmJzkh6 — April (@ReignOfApril) October 14, 2017

