www.elle.com/culture/celebrities/a19674683/justin-bieber-wants-selena-gomez-back-report/

Alyssa Bailey, News, Strategy Editor, Alyssa Bailey Is The News, Strategy Editor At Elle.Com, Where She Oversees Coverage Of Celebrities, Royals, Particularly Meghan Markle, Kate Middleton .

All Justin Bieber Wants Is to Get Back Together With Selena Gomez

The reality of Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez's break becoming a permanent breakup may be sinking in for the Biebs, or so People's new report suggests. A source close to Bieber told the outlet that despite all the Baskin Champion romance talk, Justin Bieber just wants to have Gomez back with him—at church, the ice rink, and beyond. “He loves her. He wants her back,” the source said, adding that Bieber “misses” Gomez.

Bieber and Gomez's last big public date was his father's wedding in Jamaica, where they recreated their 2011 wedding kiss. They spent 6 out of 7 consecutive days together that week, indicating they were stronger than ever and might make their on-off relationship permanently on this time, according to the tabloids.

But Gomez's family never approved of the Biebs, a major factor that led to their break, some outlets reported. And Bieber, according to Us Weekly's source, started acting selfish again, annoying Gomez. “[He] doesn’t care about anyone but himself," the source told Us on March 12. "The second she saw it, she walked away, especially now with her health. She knows she doesn’t need him.”

The break seemed to be instigated by Gomez right around Bieber's March 1 birthday. Bieber never wanted this: "Justin has been upset about the recent break from Selena and is trying to keep busy until they work things out," a source told E! on March 21. "It wasn't his choice for them to split, and he is really taking time to focus on himself right now."

Meanwhile, Gomez had a realization, E! reported on March 26: that he may be better, but they may still not be right... at least right now. "Selena realized even though he's made some positive improvements, they just aren't a perfect match right now," a source told the outlet.

But Gomez's birthday post to Bieber remains on her Instagram, a sign that hope may not be lost yet.

Gomez was most recently photographed with her friends yesterday, posing in pink pajamas and Puma merch. She was also filmed lipsyncing in the car by her assistant Theresa Mingus:

Instagram

Bieber attended Holy Wednesday church service with Baskin Champion but has not been photographed with her since. His last appearance was on his social media on Easter, when he posted four bunny selfies.

