hollywoodlife.com/2016/03/09/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-separating-trial-split-separate-bedrooms/

Lauren Cox, Senior Editor

Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Trial Separation? Sleeping In Separate Rooms — Report

Oh, no! Are Kim Kardashian and Kanye West headed for splitsville? A new report claims that there is definitely trouble in paradise, and the couple are even sleeping in different beds.

Kim Kardashian, 35, could be preparing to divorce for a third time. After her husband, Kanye West, 38, had a number of different outbursts on social media, a new report says that Kim — and her family — have had enough and are ready to cut the cord. Yikes!

“Kim is at a loss,” a family insider shared with OK! Magazine inside their March 21 issue. Of course, the insider is talking about Kim’s relationship with Kanye, and how it’s allegedly falling apart at the seams due to his reckless behavior on social media and at Saturday Night Live. “She’s questioning the relationship for the first time.” So sad. To hear more about Kanye West, head over to iTunes and download the latest HollywoodLife podcast for free!

Unfortunately, the report claims that there is more to the story than just Kanye’s incessant Twitter rants. Apparently, the couple are “in a rut” that has caused them to lose “the spark” they once shared. “He let himself go while he was working on his album and clothing line, so he’s flabby and irritable. Meanwhile, she’s struggling to lose the baby weight and find her confidence again too.” The insider says these issues have led them to sleeping in different rooms when they are together.

Ever since Kanye started going off on everyone from Taylor Swift to Wiz Khalifa on social media, there seem to be a lot of concerns about the state of his relationship with Kim. Even worse? It’s previously been reported that Kim’s momager, Kris Jenner, is extremely concerned that he could potentially destroy the Kardashian/Jenner empire she’s built. Eek.

But, the report claims that Kim hasn’t completely given up hope. The mother-of-two reportedly asked her hubby to join her for a gym session or two, but Kanye hasn’t been interested in the bonding experience. “He’s knee-deep in work right now,” the insider explained in Kanye’s defense.

Kanye hasn’t given up, either. Not only did he support Kim’s recent nude Instagram despite all of the controversy surrounding it, he gushed over how she was his “muse” on Twitter and also shared that he couldn’t wait to get home to her and their two sweet children once he was done designing in Sweden. There’s hope for these two yet!

Tell us, HollywoodLifers — Are you concerned that the end of Kimye is near? Comment below with your thoughts.

