www.news.com.au/entertainment/celebrity-life/hook-ups-break-ups/katy-perry-and-orlando-bloom-back-together-11-months-after-split-claim-friends/news-story/f313544bb55ce6a38f84703c8d10e868

The Sun

Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom ‘back together’ 11 months after split, claim friends

KATY Perry and Orlando Bloom are back together 11 months after they split, claim friends.

The A-list couple broke up in March 2017, but insiders say they’re officially dating again after a romantic holiday to the Maldives, reports The Sun.

“They’re back on,” a source reportedly told The Sun. “Katy wants to make things work this time around. She tried, but she couldn’t cut him off. She cares too much about him. This time, they’re keeping things low key — but they’re back together.”

Rumours that the pair had reunited started last month when both Bloom and Perry were spotted on holiday in the Maldives.

The singer flew in after her Dubai tour date, and Bloom posted that he was enjoying a break at the luxury Amilla Fushi resort.

Fans spotted the pair separately, then a friend’s tagged Instagram post revealed they were both at the same resort.

Since then, Perry and Bloom have been very public about their relationship — liking almost every one of each other’s Instagram posts and commenting on the photos.

When Bloom posted a video of himself driving, and crashing, an F1 car, Perry wrote “Exhibit A: why I’m scared of your driving” and also tagged him in a post about McDonalds.

She also commented on a photo of his dog Mighty and one of him modelling, telling the actor he looked so hot “you’re making yourself drool”.

Perry also posted an Instagram Story of her and her dog Butters hanging out at home — and Perry was wearing a special customised onsie with Bloom’s face on it, that she had made especially for Bloom’s 40th birthday last year.

Fans also spotted that the actor had been wearing a mustard Supreme hat on his Instagram Stories — which matches one that Perry wore on a trip to Japan with Bloom last year.

The two first got together after they were spotted partying together at a Golden Globes afterparty in 2016.

They issued a statement saying they were taking “respectful, loving space” from each other in March last year, and Orlando said he’d remain friends with Perry as they are “all grown up”.

Late last year they were spotted at an Ed Sheeran concert and paddleboarding on the beach in California, but sources say they’ve only officially started dating again this year.

The pop singer has a history of taking back her exes — she reportedly got back together with John Mayer five times before ending it in January 2016.

This story was originally published in The Sun and is reprinted with permission.

