www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/trivia-game-blunder-suggests-prince-9526773

Vicki Newman, Image, Wenn.Com, Ian Vogler Daily Mirror, Reuters, Wireimage

Trivia game blunder suggests Prince Harry and Kate Middleton had a baby together - what would William say?

Get the biggest Royal Family stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

A trivia game blunder accidentally suggests that Prince Harry and Kate Middelton have had a child together.

The Shimmer and Sparkle Cocktail Party Trivia Game, which is advertised on supermarket Tesco's website, could have upset the Royal family with this embarrassing gaffe.

Whoever made the game seemingly doesn't know the difference between Prince William and his younger brother Harry. Whoops!

It gave a group of friends settling down for a round of Christmas trivia a good laugh though.

(Image: WENN.com)

The question reads: "Prince Harry and Kate Middleton welcomed their second child in 2015, a girl named?"

It gives the answer as "Charlotte", which would be right, if Harry were her father.

Of course it's Kate's husband and Harry's big brother, Prince William, who welcomed his baby girl into the world last year.

The trivia fan who found the mistake said: "It was just so random, I couldn't believe it when I saw it. It really made me laugh."

(Image: Ian Vogler/Daily Mirror)

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

And as we all know, Harry is dating Suits actress Meghan Markle .

The 32-year-old prince spent a traditional Christmas Day at the Royals’ Sandringham, before sources say he jetted off to Canada to be with Meghan, 35.

A source said: “Harry is desperate to be with her as soon as possible.

“Normally he’d be with the rest of the family, but seeing as William is at the Middletons’ for Christmas it looks like he’s being allowed to break with tradition.”

The trivia game, which is made in China, is listed on Tesco 's website, although it is not currently for sale.

The supermarket's website states that the game includes 90 question and answer cards, but makes yet another mistake when it gives examples of some of the questions, asking which "US sitcome" Zooey Deschanel stars in.

(Image: REUTERS)

(Image: WireImage)

Harry and Meghan spent Christmas apart following a romantic week in London, during which they made a low-key appearance in the middle of one of the capital's busiest areas.

The two were spotted having a private joke as they strolled through Piccadilly Circus and up Shaftesbury Avenue towards the Gielgud Theatre, where the prince had bought them last-minute tickets to The Curious Incident Of The Dog In The Night-Time - not the comedy play Peter Pan Goes Wrong, as was first thought.

Onlookers were shocked to see the couple, wearing winter coats and woolly hats, walking the streets, accompanied by just one protection officer.

Mirror Celeb has contacted Tesco for comment.

