www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-4795198/Man-35-spends-fortune-making-look-OLDER.html

Stephanie Linning, Stephanie Linning For Mailonline

Pawelw Ladziak spends fortune making himself look older

Many men live in fear of turning grey and growing older, but for this 35-year-old fitness fanatic it can't come soon enough.

Indeed Pawel Ladziak, from Warsaw, spends a small fortune on making himself look older, dying his well-groomed hair and beard the perfect shade of snowy white.

The personal trainer, who is sometimes mistaken for a pensioner, deliberately ages himself in order to keep up his devoted following on Instagram, believing his unusual look sets him apart from other online stars.

Rippling: Pawel Ladziak, from Warsaw, Poland, is only 35 but makes himself look older

Transformation: The personal trainer and model started dyeing his hair when he started going grey and credits his look with his social media success. Pictured, before (left) and after

Glamorous: Pawel often poses for photos with his glamorous wife, Magda, pictured together

Followers often comment to ask how old he is and some even think he is in his 60s.

And while many women might balk at the idea of their husbands ageing themselves prematurely, Pawel's glamorous wife Magda is clearly more than happy to be seen with an older man.

Speaking to Polish website Wirtualna Polska, Pawel, who is known online as the 'Polish Viking', explained he first dyed his hair white after he started greying 'years ago' and decided he did not like the salt-and-pepper look.

Dedicated: Before (left) and after photos reveal how far Pawel has come in his journey

Amazed: Instagram followers often ask Pawel (left before and right after) how old he is

Social media star: Pawel often posts topless workout photos on his 'Polish Viking' Instagram

The model, who first started training at 16, had been posting regularly on social media but said it was only when he dyed his hair that he started building up his fan base. Pawel now boasts more than 335,000 followers on Instagram.

He keeps them entertained with photographs of his intense workout routines, which often feature him working out topless or in muscle tanks.

Pawel's photographs have drawn comparisons with Italian businessman Gianluca Vacchi, 49, who is renowned for his toned physique.

