www.newidea.com.au/jennifer-aniston-career-being-sabotaged-by-angelina-jolie

Nikki Black, Nikki Is Obsessed With All Things Celebrity, Dreams She Is A Long-Lost Kardashian. You'Ll Find Her Binging Netflix'S Latest 'Must-Watch' Show With A Jar Of Nutella Her Side.

Jennifer Aniston's torment: What has Ange done?

Getty

It couldn’t come at a worse time for Jennifer, who is determined to re-establish her position in the industry after a series of flops.

She’s just started filming the new Netflix movie Murder Mystery set in Montreal, alongside Adam Sandler, and until now hoped the prestigious comedy whoddunit would propel her back into the Hollywood A-list.

But in an unfortunate twist of fate, her new boss Ted Sarandos is also a very close friend of Angelina’s.

The United Nations ambassador made her relationships with both Ted and Adam clear back in January when the trio were photographed at the Critics’ Choice Awards looking very happy and close.

‘Jennifer’s heard they’re all still really chummy and it’s making her paranoid,’ adds the source.

Compared to her sitcom heyday, Jennifer’s career has been shaky over the past few years. Her last big release Mother’s Day – in 2016 – was a critical flop, while The Yellow Birds, made by her production company Echo Films, received a lukewarm reception on its release last year.

Although much was made of Jennifer buying the film rights to hit Aussie author Liane Moriarty’s What Alice Forgot in 2015, the project hasn’t got much further in development, while Dumplin’, a musical comedy also made by Echo, was filmed last year but still doesn’t have a specific release date or any overseas distribution deals.

Related: Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston's second wedding joy

Related: Brad Pitt tells: ‘Jen’s a great mum to my kids’

Meanwhile, reports say Jen and Reese Witherspoon’s much hyped Apple TV series about morning television – in which they both star and co-produce – is already in trouble.

‘Jennifer is worried that her days are numbered and that her career is really drying up – she turns 50 next birthday and she’s had box-office flop after box-office flop. She is doing everything she can to make a Friends reunion happen because she knows that will skyrocket her back on speed dial with all the Hollywood bosses and revive her career – but it just doesn’t look like that’s happening any time soon,’ explains the insider.

Whether or not Jennifer’s chance of making a go of things at Netflix is under threat, the embattled star is feeling the heat.

‘Jen is worried she’s running out of options. If someone or something has taken aim at Jen and her career, it might knock her out once and for all.’

For the full story see this week's issue of New Idea - out now!

