www.iheart.com/content/2017-06-13-tinashe-slammed-for-saying-black-community-wont-fully-accept-her-over-light-skin/

Shari Weiss

Tinashe Slammed For Saying Black Community Won't 'Fully Accept' Her Over Light Skin

Tinashe, who is biracial, further says, “There’s colorism involved in the black community, which is very apparent. It’s about trying to find a balance where I’m a mixed woman, and sometimes I feel like I don’t fully fit into the black community; they don’t fully accept me, even though I see myself as a black woman. That disconnect is confusing sometimes. I am what I am.”

But many on Twitter are objecting to her remarks, to the point where “Tinashe” has become a trending topic on Twitter. Most of the comments are negative, with tweets accusing the songstress of simply not being talented enough. @Prettyy_THICK, for instance, bluntly posted, “Dear Tinashe, It’s not a colorism issue. That fact is, we just don’t see it for u sis. Sincerely, Everybody.”

“Tinashe not getting sympathy. being light skinned is an advantage in entertainment. Don’t blame the black community, blame your management,” said @PrinceHAK33M. @cook2020 wrote, “Maybe the reason Tinashe isn’t popping like that is because she hasn’t shown the ability to cross over & produce a world wide chart topper. @CandyceRox commented, “Colorism is def a thing but the way colorism works, Tinashe SHOULD be winning. But her music really isn’t that good so…”

Others, however, expressed understanding of the performer’s point. “I don’t get why yall try Tinashe, why yall hate her, girlie is a performer, a singer, an artist, we need more of that in this economy,” tweeted @artisticbey. @mannyjay_ asked, “Why do people feel like Tinashe has no place to speak on colorism bc she’s mixed lightskin? colorism negatively affects EVERYBODY.” And @OwenLauer insisted, “Tinashe isn’t wrong. The general public / industry doesn’t allow many woman of color to shine in the industry.”

So far, Tinashe has not responded to the backlash. Gossip Cop will update if she does.

