www.yahoo.com/entertainment/gwen-stefanis-instagram-shuts-blake-shelton-breakup-rumors-165608305.html

Wendy Geller, Writer, Yahoo Entertainment

How Gwen Stefani's Instagram shuts down Blake Shelton breakup rumors — over and over again

Watch Entertainment Tonight on Yahoo View.

Music’s odd couple, Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton — aka the rocker and the country boy — have never been free of gossip speculating about their relationship. Apparently, the latest news is that the two are through. In Touch Weekly reports that Shelton actually unceremoniously dumped Stefani in February before embarking on a tour.

But wait — if that’s the case, then why is Stefani appearing with him on stage? And not just appearing … they’re appearing pretty cuddly. The singer posted an Instagram shot on Mar. 14 of the two embracing on what appears to be the most recent date of his “Country Music Freaks” trek.





This isn’t the first such picture she has shared since February. She posted several different angles of a jumbotron kiss on Feb. 25, and on March 11, one of herself hanging out with country up-and-comer Carly Pearce, who is an opener on Shelton’s tour, and another that shows off a backstage crowd (including Shelton and her younger brother Todd) in Greensboro, N.C.





Additionally, she sent good wishes to him on Mar. 1 — when Shelton was reportedly attempting to power through a Houston date while sick with the flu — and shared his latest video, “I Lived It” with a glowing string of hashtags.





So if the breakup is fake news, what spurred the rumors? According to In Touch‘s “insider” source, all of Stefani’s social media support is “a desperate attempt to ignore the truth,” and Shelton dumped her due to her “neediness and all the drama: her demanding, critical ex-husband, and her jealousy of him and other women.”

If this is to be believed, current Voice champion Chloe Kohanski was a factor in the breakup — Coach Shelton was apparently getting too close for Stefani’s comfort — as well as Shelton’s ex-wife Miranda Lambert, with whom the outlet claims he has rekindled a friendship and is “sharing intimate details” of his life.

Shelton isn’t reciprocating Stefani’s loving social media deluge — but then again, he’s never been one to do so. His social media accounts, once a source of ribald jokes, have developed gradually into a more businesslike platform to market his music and work on The Voice. He does, however, maintain a picture of Stefani as his profile photo.

Read more from Yahoo Entertainment:

