hollywoodlife.com/2018/01/19/justin-bieber-vacation-mom-mandy-teefey-feud-selena-gomez/

Alyssa Norwin, Senior Editor

Justin Bieber Desperate To Show Selena Gomez’s Mom He’s Changed — How He Plans To Prove It

As Selena Gomez and her mom remain estranged over Sel’s relationship with Justin Bieber, the Biebs has a plan in play to get back in Mandy Teefey’s good graces!

Selena Gomez and Mandy Teefey have some issues to work out in their mother/daughter relationship, and their recent feud all began when the 25-year-old reconciled with on-off love, Justin Bieber. Now, it’s in Justin’s court to prove to Mandy that he’s a changed man from all those times he broke Selena’s heart…and his plan to do so is already underway! The Biebs is currently on vacation with his own mom, Patti Mallette, which he hopes will “demonstrate to Mandy how important family is to him,” HollywoodLife has EXCLUSIVELY learned.

Justin and Patti have drifted apart in their own right over the years, but are bonding in “paradise” on their trip. “It serves as a display of what he’s hoping Selena can achieve with her mother someday,” our inside says. “He feels terrible for Selena that her mother won’t accept him, and sympathizes with her and what she’s dealing with. Justin wants to show Mandy that he has matured immensely, and that he can be to Selena what she is to him — his rock and support. Justin truly hopes Selena and Mandy can form a great bond just like he now has with his own mom.”

Selena hasn’t commented on the ongoing drama she’s having with her mom. Meanwhile, it’s been quite a bit of time since we’ve actually seen Justin and Selena together. They were in Mexico for New Year’s Eve, then returned to California together and were spotted at a pilates class on Jan. 3. After that, though, they went their separate ways — she spent time in Texas and New York, while he took a ski trip, spent a few days in Dubai, and then headed to the Maldives with Patti. When will they reunite!!?

HollywoodLifers, do you think Justin will be able to prove to Mandy that he’s changed?

