www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5184585/Kim-Kardashian-plants-kiss-sweet-son-Saint-party.html

Tracy Wright, Tracy Wright For Dailymail.Com

Kim Kardashian plants a kiss on sweet son Saint at party

They're known to celebrate special family occasions in suitably grand fashion.

So it comes as no surprise Kim and Kourtney Kardashian went all-out to toast Saint West, two, and Reign Disick, three, as they enjoyed a joint birthday bash at the elder sister's home in Calabasas, California.

The reality star, 38, shared photos from the fun-filled family day on her blog as she and Kim, 37, threw their boys a Monsters Inc. themed party, complete with an ice skating rink and snow sledding hill.

Scroll down for video

Birthday boy: Kim Kardashian planted a sweet kiss on son Saint, two, as they celebrated his big day with a joint Monsters Inc. themed birthday party with cousin Reign, three

Her little monster: Kourtney took to her blog to share adorable snaps from the bash, with little Reign looking positively adorable while dressed in a blue monster costume with purple spots

Kourtney wrote: 'This year, I hosted a "Monsters, Inc."-themed birthday party with a holiday twist for Reign and Saint, since it's one of their favorite movies.

'We had an ice skating rink, a sledding hill (with snow!), cupcake decorating stations, and lots of snacks and activities for the kids.'

In one sweet photo, Kourtney could be seen cozying up to her young son - who she raises with ex Scott Disick, 34 - as he wore an adorable blue monster costume with bright purple spots.

'Whenever we have parties for the little kids, I always make sure we do low tables with small chairs so there's a place they can sit down and have a snack,' Kourtney added.

Ice ice, baby: It wasn't just the boys who had a merry old time at the party, with Kim's daughter North, four, and Kourtney's daughter Penelope, five, seen whizzing around the ice rink

'Since the monsters in the movie are blue, purple and green, we used those colors for all the decorations.

Kim looked adorable in a light grey jumpsuit as she cuddled up to her son, who she shares with rapper husband Kanye West, 40.

'This year, we had a joint party for Saint's 2nd and Reign's 3rd birthdays and the theme was Merry Monster Mash,' Kim shared in a sweet blog post. '

The kids had such a fun afternoon. How cute were Saint and Reign's matching cakes?! Sharing moments like this with cousins are the absolute best!'

Treats! In addition to the beautiful spread put on by the reality star sisters, each child was presented with a custom, monster-themed birthday cake

Naughty or nice? Santa and Mrs. Claus also made a stop at the party for kids to share their early Christmas wish-list items

In addition to the over-the-top spread, each child was presented a custom, monster-themed birthday cake.

'I always do two cakes whenever we throw a combined party, so each of the kids feel special and get to blow out their own candles,' Kourtney wrote.

'Reign and Saint LOVED their monster cakes!'

Santa and Mrs. Claus also made a stop at the party for kids to share their early Christmas wish-list items.

And it wasn't just the birthday boys who had a merry old time at the party, with Kim's daughter North, four, and Kourtney's daughter Penelope, five, seen whizzing around the ice rink in one of the sweet shots shared online.

Backyard bonanza: Kourtney used different shades of purple, blue and green to decorate the monster-themed bash at her Calabasas home

Keeping the celebrations going! On Thursday, Kourtney celebrated sons Mason and Reign's birthdays with a family trip to Disneyland in Anaheim

On Thursday, Kourtney celebrated sons Mason and Reign's birthdays with a family trip to Disneyland in Anaheim, California.

Mason and Reign share the same birthday - Dec. 14 - but have a five-year age gap with Mason turning eight and Reign celebrating his third birthday.

Before heading out on their big adventure, the boys were surprised by aunt Khloe Kardashian, 33, with massive balloon Ferraris with their names written on the license plates.

Keeping with tradition, Kourtney shared a photo of each of her son's birthday cakes before showing fans photos of theme park.

She shares co-parenting responsibilities of her three children with former partner Scott Disick.

Nice ride! Before heading out on their big adventure, the boys were surprised by aunt Khloe Kardashian with massive balloon Ferraris

Original: The bright red balloon Ferrari featured each boys' name written on the license plates

Hey Mickey! Keeping with tradition, Kourtney shared a photo of each of her sons' birthday cakes before showing fans photos of theme park

