www.dianalegacy.com/kate-middleton-had-pickles-delivered-to-kensington-palace-to-satisfy-pregnancy-craving/



Kate Middleton Had Pickles Delivered To Kensington Palace To Satisfy Pregnancy Craving?

Kate Middleton Had Pickles Delivered To Kensington Palace To Satisfy Pregnancy Craving?

Did Kate Middleton have a jar of pickles delivered to Kensington Palace to satisfy her pregnancy craving? That’s the claim in one of this week’s new tabloids, which contends that the Duchess of Cambridge had a security guard’s wife make the special delivery. Gossip Cop can correct this bogus report. We’re told it’s “false.”

“Craving Kate’s Decree: ‘My Kingdom For A Pickle!’” blares a headline in the latest issue of Star. In the accompanying story, the publication quotes a so-called “palace insider” as saying, “Will was thrilled when Kate said she was hungry and asked for a pickle sliced thinly on well-done toast.” Further purports the magazine’s seemingly made-up tipster, “An SOS was dispatched to the kitchen, but staffers found themselves in an actual pickle; they didn’t have a single one.” Gossip Cop, however, is assured the story is 100 percent manufactured.

A royal source close to the situation tells us the entirety of Star’s latest tale is simply “false.” Tellingly, not a single British outlet reported the story, proving that Middleton did not have a jar of pickles delivered to Kensington Palace to fulfil her pregnancy craving. Additionally, establishing that the report never happened, the quotes provided by the magazine appear to be completely bogus. The article leaves a sour taste in our mouth.

Unfortunately, given the outlet’s track record, we’re not remotely surprised by the magazine’s latest piece of royal fiction. Last month, Gossip Cop corrected the often disproven magazine when it falsely alleged that Meghan Markle made Middleton a “miracle” soup to help cure her morning sickness. And prior to her third pregnancy announcement, we called out the tabloid for wrongly claiming in a baseless cover story that Middleton’s third baby had been confirmed by the palace. Much like those untrue tales, this latest one is equally inaccurate.

Source: gossipcop com

Tags: Catherine Duchess of Cambridge, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Royals, British Royals, Kate Middleton, Kate Duchess, Outlet Track Record, Magazine, Pregnancy Craving, Health, Pregnancy

