www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4917776/Caitlyn-Jenner-confirms-Kylie-20-expecting-baby.html

Heidi Parker, Lizzie Smith For Dailymail.Com

Caitlyn Jenner confirms Kylie, 20, IS expecting a baby

Caitlyn Jenner has confirmed her youngest daughter, Kylie Jenner, is pregnant.

The former athlete, 67, was the first member of the family to formally confirm the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star is expecting her first child.

While it's believed the make-up entrepreneur is expecting a baby girl with her boyfriend of five months, rapper Travis Scott, 25, she is yet to publicly comment on the news.

Thanks! Caitlyn Jenner has confirmed her youngest daughter, Kylie Jenner, is pregnant. The former athlete, 67, was the first member of the family to formally confirm the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star is expecting her first child

Together: Here Kylie is seen with Caitlyn in October 2016 during King Cairo's birthday

A representative for Caitlyn - formerly Bruce - told The Sun when asked how she found out about her daughter's pregnancy: 'All I can tell you is that it was some time ago.'

On Monday Ryan Seacrest, who is a producer on the family's E! reality show, reached out to momager Kris Jenner on air when he was co-hosting Live With Kelly And Ryan from New York City to ask about the beauty's condition. He didn't get a no.

It was during the opening of the morning talk show when Ryan reached for his cell phone and texted the mother of Kylie.

He was hoping she would confirm that Kylie was pregnant. But what he got back, 'Kylie‘s not confirming anything.'

His attempt: On Monday Ryan Seacrest, who is a producer on the family's E! reality show, reached out to momager Kris Jenner via text on air when he was co-hosting Live With Kelly And Ryan from New York City to ask about the beauty's condition

Well, she didn't say no: What he got back was, 'Kylie‘s not confirming anything'; here they are seen on Sunday's KUWTK 10 year anniversary special

But Kylie has shown off her tummy on social media.

Over the weekend she pulled up her shirt and touched her tummy as she posed with her friend Jordyn Woods. It was too difficult to tell if she had a bump or not.

The star was also seen with Travis going to his iHeart Radio performance. Again she wore a baggy T-shirt.

On air: Ryan was seen on Sunday interviewing Kylie for the KUWTK 10 year anniversary special, but the show was taped in the spring; here are Kendall, left, and Kylie, right, from the show

He has known the family forever! Ryan and the clan seen in 2007 in LA; here is Caitlyn, far right, when she was Bruce Jenner

And she was also at her best friend Jordyn Woods' birthday party in Malibu; again she was covered up.

Ryan was seen on Sunday interviewing Kylie for the KUWTK 10 year anniversary special, but the show was taped in the spring, before she likely got pregnant.

The reality star and her rapper boyfriend are said to have broken the happy news to friends earlier this month at the Day N Night Fest in Anaheim.

Jenner is pregnant: Reality star, 20, 'expecting a baby with boyfriend Travis Scott' friends claim; the two are seen here in April, soon after they started dating

Multiple outlets are reporting that the youngest member of the Kardashian-Jenner clan is expecting her first child with her boyfriend of five months.

It is even claimed that Kylie and 25-year-old Travis know the sex of the child - and are having a girl.

A source confirmed the news to DailyMail.com, adding that the young star was around four months pregnant.

TMZ first broke the news, with a report stating that Travis was telling friends his life was about to change.

Hiding her bump? The star shared this photo on Thursday, but it is not know when it was taken

A further source told People magazine that Kylie was overjoyed about her pregnancy.

'It is an unexpected but completely amazing turn of events that she could not be more excited or thrilled about,' they said.

Kylie began dating Travis back in April following her split from former long-term boyfriend Tyga, who has a child, son King Cairo, with Blac Chyna (Rob Kardashian's ex).

As news broke of the pregnancy on Friday the rapper added his own thoughts to the mix - Snapchatting, then deleting, the comment: 'hell nah that's my kid!'

Four months ago - around the time she fell pregnant - Kylie went on a charity trip to Peru. Keeping Up With The Kardashians viewers were watching as a private jet made a pit stop in Miami to collect her, after she spent a romantic few days with Travis.

Oh Tyga! As news broke of the pregnancy on Friday Tyga added his own thoughts to the mix - Snapchatting, then deleting, the comment 'hell nah that's my kid!'

In the months since the two have since proved inseparable, and even have matching butterflies tattooed on their ankles.

In recent weeks social media savvy Kylie has been unusally restrained in her posts.

Not normally one to be shy, she has refrained from any full body shots, instead posting cropped selfies of her head and shoulders, while skipping any public events.

On Thursday she shared one full-length shot with a group of friends, but hid her body under a baggy T-shirt.

'Day 1s' she captioned the post - a term commonly used to refer to old friends.

She also shared a few images to promote her latest clothing line for Kendall + Kyle - which launched on Friday.

On Sunday: The star shared this image with her best friends over the weekend

Something to tell us? On Thursday she shared a shot with a group of friends, in which she wore a baggy T-shirt

Kylie has previously spoken of her yearning to have a child, even confiding in her grandmother MJ on an episode of I Am Cait that she planned to be a 'young mom'.

Indeed there was wide speculation that she was expecting a child shortly before her break-up with Tyga back in April.

And while the rumor later proved to be untrue, Kylie made it clear she was keen on the idea of starting a family.

'I feel like 30 is too late!' she said on Keeping Up With The Kardashians. 'Every psychic said that I’m only going to have two kids.'

Her brand: Kylie released new designs for Kendall + Kylie this week; here she is seen in one of the ads shared on Friday

On Life Of Kylie back in July she claimed was ready to get out of the spotlight and have a more normal life.

'I can't do it forever,' Kylie said.

'There is an image I constantly feel pressure to keep up with,' Kylie confesses. 'And then there's the real Kylie.'

The sister of Vogue model Kendall Jenner added: 'I do feel pressure to not let anybody down. Nobody has a perfect life.'

While Kylie may be young to start a family, she certainly has the means to provide for any child.

Already a multi-millionaire in her own right, thanks to her reality career and make-up business, Kylie also owns several huge mansions.

And any new child will have plenty of ready-made playmates.

Kylie's big sister Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West are currently awaiting the arrival of their third child. The baby - a girl - is being carried by surrogate and is due in January.

The family: The show comes back for another season in October, and news of her pregnancy will certainly be a part of the show

She will join Kim's older children (four-year-old North and one-year-old Saint), Kourtney's three children (Mason, seven, Penelope, five, and two-year-old Reign) and ten-month old Dream, the only child of Kylie's brother Rob.

As soon as news of the rumored baby hit the Twitter world, fans and critics of the Kardashians and Jenners went wild.

Memes and gifs with hilarious captions were soon tweeted out.

One Twitter user, @KhaiMarcus wrote: 'Kris Jenner leaving TMZ after telling them Kylie Jenner is pregnant the day before the KUWTK premiere....'

Pictured with it was a gif of a woman in disguise rushing out of a building - in this case representing Kris Jenner.

The KUWTK reunion special airs this Sunday.

Another used a picture of Kylie's sister Kim Kardashian.

It said: 'How do people claim to hate Kardashians but literally stop what they're doing to talk about Kylie Jenner being pregnant? Talk about power.'

It was followed with a photo of Kim as she said: 'Not bad for a girl with no talent.'

Having a blast: While Kylie Jenner became one of the top hashtags trending on Twitter around the world, the star herself enjoyed a more relaxed Friday

One person had an interesting theory - involving Kylie, Kim and Kanye.

While Kylie Jenner became one of the top hashtags trending on Twitter around the world, the star herself enjoyed a more relaxed Friday.

She took to Snapchat to share clips from her best friend Jordyn Woods' birthday.

Kylie kept it casual in a baggy red hoodie layered over a black T-shirt with her long brunette locks loose.

The group appeared to be at Malibu Wine Safari at Saddlerock Ranch.

She was joined by Jordyn, Heather Sanders, Anastasia 'Stassi' Karanikolaou and Harry Hudson to name a few.

Longtime friends: She posed with Jordyn and Stassi during the bash

