www.cnbc.com/2018/08/08/angelina-jolie-accuses-brad-pitt-of-not-paying-meaningful-child-supp.html

Andrea Mandell, Kelli B. Grant

Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of not paying 'meaningful' child support in court docs

It's been almost two years since Angelina Jolie announced her split from Brad Pitt, and their divorce continues to get ugly.

In court documents filed Tuesday, Jolie's attorneys allege Pitt hasn't paid any "meaningful" child support for a year and a half. Now, she's planning to seek a court order for retroactive funds.

NBC News obtained the court docs, filed in Los Angeles Superior Court, in which Jolie's lawyers request a status conference with a judge.

"(Pitt) has a duty to pay child support," wrote Jolie attorney Samantha Bley DeJean, NBC reports. "As of present, (Pitt) has paid no meaningful child support since separation."

But a person familiar with the situation not authorized to speak publicly disputes the notion Pitt has not been financially responsible for his children, telling USA TODAY Pitt has fulfilled his commitments.

More from USA Today:

"The aim of Angelina's routine court filing is to provide closure to the marriage in a way that clears a path toward the next stage of their lives and allows her and Brad to recommit as devoted coparents to their children," Jolie spokesperson Mindy Nyby tells USA TODAY.

The couple have six children: Maddox, 17; Pax, 14; Zahara, 13; Shiloh, 12; and 10-year old twins Vivienne and Knox.

On the career front, both actors have been busy. Jolie has been filming "Maleficent 2" this summer in London, while Pitt is currently filming Quentin Tarantino's "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood" alongside Leonardo DiCaprio. Pitt's upcoming sci-fi film "Ad Astra" is set for release on January 11, 2019.

Jolie filed for divorce in September 2016, claiming the separation was "for the health of the family." The famous couple proceeded to battle publicly – always through their reps – for months over custody of their children.

But Jolie and Pitt seemed to bury the hatchet in January 2017, releasing a joint statement saying they had agreed to handle their divorce in a private forum and would work together to reunify their family.

That changed this June, when their custody struggle exploded in the spotlight once again after multiple outlets reported Jolie could be in danger of losing custody if she didn't start encouraging her children to forge relationships with her ex.

A judge in Jolie and Pitt's divorce case determined that their six children's lack of "a relationship with their father is harmful to them," adding that, "it is critical that each of them have a healthy and strong relationship with their father and mother."

Representatives for Jolie pushed back, calling the reports inaccurate and an unfair depiction of what was going on behind the scenes.

Jolie continues to be represented by divorce lawyer Laura Wasser, Nyby said. Pitt has been represented by Lance Spiegel.

Lawyers for Pitt and Jolie did not respond to requests for comment.

