www.newidea.com.au/brad-pitt-jennifer-aniston-move-in-together-angelina-jolie-furious

Georgia Mars, Georgia Mars Is A Digital Content Editor At New Idea Magazine. As A Self-Professed Celeb Expert, Georgia Claims To Know Everything About Everyone, When She'S Not Digging Deep For The Next Big Celebrity Scoop, You Can Find Georgia Catching Up On The Latest Reality Tv.

Angelina Jolie's fury as Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston move in together

Multiple sources have reportedly told In Touch magazine that Jen plans to bid farewell to her dream house and move in with ex-flame Brad Pitt.

As previously reported, Brad and Jen have been attempting to rekindle their relationship, and friends close to the couple have told In Touch that moving in together is the perfect next step!

A source tells In Touch that Jennifer Aniston's newly single status following her breakup from Justin Theroux, has left her and Brad 'ready for their next logical step in their relationship: moving in together.'

'They've grown closer in recent months and realise they were meant to be together,' a friend close to the pair tells.

They add, 'One of the kids overheard Jen and Brad talking about living together again and told Angelina - and she lost it!'

In Touch's report reveals that Brad and Jen's rekindled romance is driving Angelina mad!

Even though Ange is the one who filed for divorce back in 2016, 'she hates the idea of him living happily ever after with another woman - especially Jen, who gets under her skin like no one else,' the source spills.

A source previously told In Touch that the Maleficent star exploded with anger when she learned that Brad had introduced Jen to their kids.

'Jen and Brad being in each other's lives seems inevitable,' a friends tells In Touch. 'They've reached a level of closeness and understanding that they never managed to achieve when they were married.

'Moving in together seems like the perfect next step.'

Niether Brad or Jen have responded to In Touch's claims.

