www.newidea.com.au/kate-middleton-wedding-surprise-meghan-markle

Georgia Mars

Kate Middleton’s wedding surprise for Meghan Markle

And with all eyes on the American Suits actress as she prepares to officially become a member of the British royal family, thanks goodness Kate Middleton is in charge to help Meghan plan her big day.



According to OK! USA, Kate wants to repay the favour after Meghan spent weeks looking after her during her pregnancy.



'Knowing how overwhelming a royal wedding can be, she decided to jump in headfirst to help. She has a lot of wonderful ideas,' spills a source.

Not only has Kate been advising 36 year old Meghan on what food should be served, but she’s also used her connections to ensure the actress will 'have the gown of her dreams' – even introducing her to Alexander McQueen’s creative director, Sarah Burton, who designed Kate’s 2011 wedding gown.



'Meghan fell in love with the McQueen sketches and word is she’s eyeing an ivory satin and lace design with a long train that Kate loves too.'



The source also states that Kate is in favour of Meghan and Harry taking the unusual move to write their own vows.



And as for the bachelorette party, Kate’s got that covered, too!

In Touch reports that Kate is planning to make sure Meghan has the time of her life and is sparing no expense.



'Kate will through the bachelorette party of the century,' a royal insider spilled to the publication.



Thirty of Meghan’s closest friends are being flown by private jet to London for the three-day celebration.



From there, Kate is planning to host the lucky women at her apartment in Kensington Palace, where they will enjoy a lavish seven course meal and indulge in wine tasting – with some bottles costing as much as $5,000.

And that’s not all; Kate has asked William’s permission for Meghan to borrow the Spencer Tiara, often worn by the late Princess Diana.



'She thought it would add class and sentimental value to the occasion,' says the source.



However, proving that the royals are just like the rest of us, Kate has also organized a karaoke machine, a photo booth and a night out on the town to conclude the night.



'Kate is determined to make it an unforgettable occasion,' says the insider.



'She wants Meghan to be reminiscing about it for years to come.'

