metro.co.uk/2018/01/25/sorry-daniel-craig-rachel-weisz-says-marriage-bond-isnt-particularly-exceptional-7258868/

Tobi Akingbade

Rachel Weisz says marriage to Daniel Craig 'isn't exceptional'

Rachel may regret this review of her marriage (Picture: Michael Buckner/Variety/REX/Shutterstock

In a rather blunt review of her marriage, Rachel Weisz has claimed being married to Daniel Craig isn’t ‘exceptional’.

The 47-year-old actress, who tied the knot to the Bond actor in 2011, confessed that it was never an ‘ambition’ of hers to marry until she met Daniel Craig, in a new interview with ES Magazine.

The Oscar-winning star revealed she was ‘very independent’ in her youth and had even struggled to watch chick flicks, before love just ‘happened’ one day with the actor, 49.

Rachel Weisz says marriage ‘isn’t particularly exceptional’ (Picture: PA)

Speaking of their relationship, she said: ‘It’s very personal, it’s very private. I don’t think mine’s particularly exceptional apart from that we’re both in the public eye.

‘But I never thought I would get married. It was not an ambition of mine. It was the opposite.’

Advertisement

Advertisement

The Brit added: ‘I couldn’t relate to romantic comedies — marriage seems to be the whole point of them. Then it just happened, happily, at a more mature moment.’

The pair, who are notoriously private about their romance, had been pals years before they worked as an on-screen couple on psychological thriller Dream House in 2010. They began dating the same year and went on to tie the knot in New York in 2011.

Rachel Weisz: My marriage to Daniel Craig isn’t particularly exceptional (Picture: Evening Standard Magazine)

She also touched on the sexual misconduct scandal that has been shaking up Hollywood as she spoke of her friend Sophie Dix, who has accused Harvey Weinstein of sexual harassment.

‘My friend Sophie Dix has been talking about this since the 1990s,’ she said. ‘She would tell anyone who would listen to her story, for the last 20 years. And no-one seemed to care.’

When asked why it took two decades for the media to pick up on the allegations against Weinstein, she said of the movie mogul, who denies non-consensual sex: ‘I think his power was on the wane…

‘It’s about economics, (not) turning over the big bucks any more. That’s not an optimistic thing to say, but this is all about power and money.’

Advertisement

Advertisement

The full interview appears in this week’s issue of ES Magazine, available on 25 January.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Does it matter if James Bond’s character is black or white? Yes, it does.

