radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/06/ben-affleck-sells-mansion-pay-divorce-jennifer-garner/

Radar Staff, June

Ben Affleck Sells Mansion To Pay For Divorce From Jennifer Garner

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Sold! Ben Dumps Assets To Pay Off Jen Affleck desperate for cash to finally settle his divorce with Garner.

Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner are desperately trying to settle their divorce — and he’s selling assets to pay her off!

RadarOnline.com has learned the cash-starved star, 45, has put an 87-acre plantation near Savannah, Ga., on the block for $8.9 million.

The Gone Girl hunk reportedly paid $7.1 million for the spread on a private island after falling in love with the area while filming 1999’s Forces of Nature.

“Ben is selling because of the divorce,” said a source close to the estranged A-listers.

“He needs the cash, which will go to Jen as part of the settlement. He’s compensating her for his infidelities and the damage caused in the marriage.”

As Radar reported, Affleck just shelled out $19 million for a mansion located less than a mile from the home Garner shares with their three children, Violet, 12, Seraphina, 9, and Samuel, 6.

While a source close to Affleck dismissed talk of a baby, insiders snitched there is added urgency to the move as Affleck is setting up a nest with Lindsay Shookus!

PHOTOS; The Way They Were — Look Back At Divorcing Jennifer Garner & Ben Affleck’s Happier Times

The Saturday Night Live producer and her five-year-old daughter have reportedly already moved in.

But Shookus’ new status as neighbor has Garner fuming, sources said.

“It’s too close to comfort for Jen,” said a spy. “It could lead to her asking for more money!”

Affleck and Garner, 46, have been in mediation to settle their divorce.

Although Affleck is believed to be worth as much as $105 million and Garner $60 million, they’ve said they’ll split what was earned during their marriage.

“You would have to figure out what portion of that is community property and what is separate property,” California divorce attorney Alistair Shaw told Radar.

Still, Affleck will likely also owe child support and possible spousal support, he added.

“California has a formula for figuring out child support,” Alistair explained.

“It depends on a lot of factors, such as who will spend more time with the kids, monthly income and other variables.”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

