www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2016/05/tom-hiddleston-is-such-a-lock-for-james-bond-that-you-cant-bet-on-it-anymore

Condé Nast, Laura Bradle

Tom Hiddleston Is Such a Lock for James Bond That You Can’t Bet on It Anymore

However much Tom Hiddleston might be denying that his turn in the updated espionage thriller The Night Manager was his way of auditioning to be the next James Bond, it certainly seems fans are having none of it. Coral bookmakers in the U.K. had to suspend betting on the actor, The Guardian reports, after a huge bet launched the actor’s perceived chances from 2-1 to 1-2. Similarly, the Ireland-based independent bookmaker BoyleSports announced Sunday in a press release that they’d also been forced to suspend betting after Hiddleston’s support skyrocketed. It seems, regardless of what anyone claims, the world is really trying to will this casting decision into existence—and really, who can blame anyone for trying?

According to BoyleSports’s release, Hiddleston was the 6-4 favorite for them before the whirlwind of bets—including one four-figure online bet from the U.K. Hiddleston was his nearest rival at 5-2, followed by Idris Elba and Damian Lewis, who were tied at 5-1.

“Judging by the gamble on Tom Hiddleston we expect that it’s only a matter of days before he is announced as Daniel Craig’s replacement,” BoyleSports representative Liam Glynn said in the press release. That might be a little hyperbolic, and lacking in knowledge of how Hollywood business deals usually work, but it’s easy to see why Glynn is excited. Hiddleston speculation—and betting—has been on the rise at least since March.

Earlier this month, Hiddleston delivered a typically charming deflection of the rumors he was being eyed as Bond on The Graham Norton Show. “I promise, no one’s talked to me about it,” he said with a chuckle. It’s not the first time he’s had to deny it, and it won’t be the last. But this particular surge probably springs from the fact that a “source” told the Daily Mail that Hiddleston had been spotted meeting with Bond director Sam Mendes. Mendes, for his part, has already said he’s really done with the franchise this time following Spectre. And of course, Hiddleston’s reps have already said the storied meeting was “completely false.”

So, where does this leave Bond fans? Basically, right back where they started—waiting to find out whether or not Daniel Craig is actually done with the role, and brainstorming all of his enticing potential replacements. Except, you know, with no bets for a little while.

