celebrityinsider.org/how-will-miranda-lambert-react-when-blake-shelton-proposes-to-gwen-stefani-113972/

Suzy Kerr

How Will Miranda Lambert React When Blake Shelton Proposes To Gwen Stefani?

It has been two-and-a-half years since Miranda Lambert divorced Blake Shelton, but there still seems to be some bad blood between the former couple. New reports claims that they still get under each other’s skin, and Lambert “can’t stand” her ex’s high-profile romance with Gwen Stefani. So, how will she react if Blake Shelton proposes to Gwen Stefani on Valentine’s Day?

That there is still animosity between the former couple and it is all because Shelton parades his relationship with Stefani around for the world to see. An insider claims that seeing Shelton happy with his hot girlfriend “burns” Lambert.

“I do this thing called whatever I want” pic.twitter.com/C3TawRy5FW — Miranda Lambert (@mirandalambert) February 7, 2018

The insider went on to say that Shelton and Lambert have traded scathing messages, and she has accused him of using Stefani to make her jealous. But, Shelton allegedly responds that Stefani has everything that Lambert doesn’t.

It seems the former couple may be still throwing jabs at each other even though they have both moved on to happy relationships.

Shelton and Stefani have been together since late 2015, and Lambert has been with Anderson East for about the same amount of time.

Lambert did take a shot at her ex during a recent concert on her Livin’ Like Hippies tour. During her song Little Red Wagon, she changed the lyric “I live in Oklahoma” (which is where Shelton is from and where they lived while they were married) to “I got the hell out of Oklahoma.”

Shelton quickly hit back. While performing at Luke Bryan’s Crash My Playa festival in Mexico, he covered George Strait’s hit All My Exes Live in Texas. Of course, Lambert is from Texas.

Luke Bryan and Blake Shelton Sing "All My Exes Live In Texas" https://t.co/VCBxAQArie pic.twitter.com/P1Y4aSJ8DH — 92.3 WCOL (@923WCOL) January 25, 2018

The country superstar may still be feuding with his ex, but that hasn’t kept him from enjoying his time with Stefani and her boys. Shelton, Stefani, and her kids, Kingston, Zuma, and Apollo, attended the Super Bowl last weekend, and they looked to be having a great time.

The couple and the kids sat in the stands and watched the Philadelphia Eagles beat the New England Patriots 41-33 to win their first Lombardi Trophy.

Stefani even shared several photos and videos of the day on her Instagram account.

Rumors have also surfaced that one of Shelton’s assistants has been shopping for a diamond ring in Beverly Hills. Some believe the I’ll Name the Dogs singer is preparing to propose to Stefani on Valentine’s Day.

The high-end broker deals expensive, multi-carat, rare diamonds in simple settings, and it is not unheard of for customers to drop half a million dollars on a piece of jewelry in the store.

Could Stefani and Shelton be headed down the altar? Fans will just have to wait and see. But, one thing is for sure, the couple has been quick to share their relationship on social media.

Advertisement

If Blake Shelton does pop the question to Stefani, they will surely let everyone know as soon as it happens, and there is no telling just how Miranda Lambert will react to the news.

