www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5736741/Selena-Gomez-Justin-Theroux-just-friends-Jennifer-Aniston-not-happy.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Selena Gomez and Justin Theroux are 'more than just friends'

They both recently endured very public break-ups.

And now things between Selena Gomez and Justin Theroux have 'turned into something more than a friendship,' according to a Life & Style story Wednesday.

Not everyone is thrilled about the union, however, as The Leftover star's ex Jennifer Aniston is reportedly 'not happy about' his romance with the singer/actress, who has long considered the Friends star 'a mentor.'

Blossoming romance? Selena Gomez and Justin Theroux are reportedly 'more than friends,' according to Life & Style, and are 'totally falling for each other'

The insider explained that the Fetish singer and Mulholland Drive actor have 'known each other for years through their manager,' but now they are totally 'are falling for each other.'

While the couple share a nearly 20-years age difference, they were able to connect over their recent break-ups and the source said 'sparks fly' when they're together.

Selena split from on-off ex Justin Bieber after a brief reunion last Fall, which happened right on the heels of her split from rapper The Weeknd, who now appears to have reunited with his former flame Bella Hadid.

Theroux and Aniston announced their divorce in February after two years of marriage.

Unhappy: The Leftover star's ex Jennifer Aniston is reportedly'not happy about' his romance with the singer/actress, who has long considered the Friends star 'a mentor,' seen together in 2015 above

They've got chemistry! While the couple share a nearly 20-years age difference, they were able to connect over their recent break-ups and the source said 'sparks fly' when they're together. The duo is seen with actor Paul Rudd in 2015 above

'Initially, they leaned on each other for emotional support after going through messy breakups,' explained the source but now the duo are smitten.

'They FaceTime and text late at night and have intimate conversation about where they're going in life and their career goals,' the insider revealed, 'They're extremely honest and open with each other.'

But apparently friends of the Kill 'Em With Kindness singer are not keen on the relationship, thinking it can only end badly.

Meanwhile, Aniston is reportedly livid about the romance, with the source saying: 'Jen is not happy about it.'

Beside herself: The source said Aniston, above with Theroux in 2017, would 'be horrified,' if she knew the extent of his relationship with Gomez

The source said 'she'd be horrified,' if she knew the extent of the relationship because 'She'd think of it as a complete betrayal on both their parts.'

Selena was first friends with Aniston, who she met in 2009 and quickly connected with, even going as far as calling herself 'obsessed' with the star.

And insiders say that's one of the reasons she's so taken with the much-older actor.

'Part of her attraction to Justin is knowing how much Jen loved him. The fact that the woman she idolized so much prized him only makes Justin all that more appealing.

