www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2017/princess-diana-grave-empty-secretly-buried-in-st-marys-church-beside-father-althorp-park-location-a-cover-up/

Sean O'Brien

Princess Diana’s Grave Empty: Secretly Buried At St. Mary’s Church Beside Father, Althorp Park Location A Cover Up?

According to a shocking new report from the National Enquirer, Princess Diana‘s grave is empty – or is it? Conspiracy theories surrounding Princess Diana’s death have flown wild for decades, but the whole thing was dredged up all over again by the Enquirer’s new story.

According to the Enquirer’s sources, Princess Diana‘s body was never buried at the famous memorial site in England (where visitors are sent to pay tribute), but rather is currently next to her father’s ashes in a coffin in St. Mary’s Church. The Enquirer’s source claims that this is because, “Althorp Park is more secure and visitors can be more controlled.” The source adds, “No one working at the estate now was at the funeral, so we all believe what we are told. It’s just better that we keep our mouths shut!”

Uh… huh. Sources close to the Spencer family have confirmed – several times over – that Princess Diana’s body is buried in Althorp Park, and has been there since she died twenty years ago. These baseless claims of a conspiracy are misplaced, although I question the intent behind this particular report. Security? Accessibility? The conspiracy theories surrounding Princess Diana’s death were always so salacious and extreme that this just feels… strangely low-key.

You’d think the National Enquirer would come up with crazier reasons than ‘security’ to explain why Princess Diana’s burial was allegedly kept from the public – something akin to claiming that she never died, and it was all a cover-up to keep her hidden from the public? Or that it was vast conspiracy by the monarchy to keep the power within their corrupt and broken system, and to not let an outsider take control of their image?

That was a jest, but you know there are some people on the Internet who believe that line of reasoning – even if it’s bonkers and insane.

Anyway, to sum it up, dubious sources tell the National Enquirer that Princess Diana’s body is not actually buried at the memorial site at Althorp. And other sources deny said dubious sources, confirming that no, her body is – and always has been – at Althorp. Case closed.

What do you guys think? Where is Princess Diana’s body buried? Is it ridiculous that we’re still dredging up conspiracy theories surrounding Princess Diana? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below.

Top image credit Public Domain

Wishing all our Welsh followers a very happy #StDavidsDay #DyddGŵylDewi A post shared by Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on Mar 1, 2017 at 7:00am PST

