www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5681825/Katie-Holmes-Jamie-Foxx-enjoy-rare-date-night-New-York-leave-restaurant-separately.html

Rebecca Lawrence For Mailonline

Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx leave separately after rare date night

They are famously guarded about their four-year romance, despite their relationship being public knowledge.

So Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx opted to leave Carbone restaurant in New York separately on Tuesday, after enjoying a low-key dinner date.

The couple - who confirmed their relationship in September last year - looked in good spirits as they made their exits from the eatery, with Katie, 39, reportedly heading home while Jamie, 50, finished off the evening at a bar.

On the move: Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx opted to leave Carbone restaurant in New York separately on Tuesday, after enjoying a low-key dinner date

Looking effortlessly stylish, Katie donned a pair of cropped black trousers with a floral hem, whilst she boosted her frame with a pair of court heels.

She teamed the garment with a black square neck vest, layering up with a cropped leather jacket.

The mother-of-one finished off the look with a black clutch bag adorned with intricate gold embroidery.

On the move: Katie, 39, reportedly headed home after the dinner date - no doubt to see daughter Suri - while Jamie, 50, finished off the evening at a bar

Making an exit: The couple - who confirmed their relationship in September last year - looked in good spirits as they made their exits from the eatery

Leggy lady! Looking effortlessly stylish, Katie donned a pair of cropped black trousers with a floral hem, whilst she boosted her frame with a pair of court heels

Going hell for leather! Katie teamed her cropped trousers with a black square neck vest, layering up with a cropped leather jacket

All about the accessories: The mother-of-one finished off the look with a black clutch bag adorned with intricate gold embroidery

Katie and Jamie's romance was confirmed in September as DailyMail.com's exclusive pictures showed the couple holding hands on the beach in their first joint outing.

However, the duo are believed to have been dating in secret since 2013, a year after Katie split from her husband Tom Cruise, who allegedly included a clause in the divorce settlement banning her from publicly dating for five years.

'Jamie and Katie's relationship is not a secret but they both like to keep it under the radar,' a Foxx source previously told PEOPLE. '

They have nothing to hide but Jamie, especially, is very low key about his life in general, and rarely talks about it. He is not one to acknowledge anything about his private life and neither does Katie.'

Loved-up: The duo are believed to have been dating in secret since 2013, a year after Katie split from her husband Tom Cruise, with whom she shares daughter Suri with

Keeping low-key: 'Jamie and Katie's relationship is not a secret but they both like to keep it under the radar,' a Foxx source previously revealed

Stylish: Jamie looked dapper in a lilac jumper that he teamed with grey plaid trousers

On the move: Jamie looked stylish as he made his way outside to head to a bar

The insider added: 'They are happy, they just don't flaunt anything.

'Jamie will always go out of his way to stay discreet. That is his way, and it works for him. If they could stay secret forever, Jamie would be happy.'

Earlier this year, Jamie was asked about his girlfriend during an All-Star celebrity basketball game.

'Did you and Katie Holmes play basketball for Valentines Day? Like a real loving basketball game?' the interviewer asked him.

Yet, without making any sound, the Oscar winner stood up, removed his headphones, pulled up his hood and walked off - refusing to answer the question.

