www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5488175/Khloe-Kardashian-sisters-Kim-Kourtney-Kylie-Kendall.html

Lizzie Smith For Dailymail.Com

Pregnant Khloe Kardashian enjoys baby shower with sisters and Kris

Advertisement

They were celebrating the addition of another baby girl to the family - the third this year.

And what better way for Khloe Kardashian to remember her special day than with a photo with her sisters and mother.

Celebrating the strong women in her family, she shared a shot with Kim and Kourtney Kardashian, and Kylie and Kendall Jenner. The mother of the five sisters, Kris Jenner, completed the group.

'The most magical women!' Khloe Kardashian lines up with sisters Kim, Kourtney, Kylie and Kendall and mom Kris at baby shower

Khloe captioned the image: 'Magical moments with the most magical women! I’ll forever be in love with YOU!'

The picture was taken as Khloe celebrated her baby shower at the Grand Ballroom at the Bel Air Hotel in Los Angeles.

The 33-year-old reality star, who is just weeks away from giving birth to her baby girl, was absolutely glowing as her friends and family showered her with love on Saturday afternoon.

This is Khloe's first child with boyfriend Tristan Thompson.

It's a girl! Khloe Kardashian showed off her large baby bump in a glamorous pink bejeweled dress on Saturday for her baby shower at the Grand Ballroom in Los Angeles

Mommy-to-be! The 33-year-old reality star, who is just weeks away from giving birth to her baby girl, was joined by her sisters and friends to celebrate her first child with boyfriend and NBA player Tristan Thompson

The Good American founder paired her fancy long-sleeve frock with a long-line satin pink duster and nude pumps.

She adorned herself with just a few pieces of silver jewelry including a set of moderately large hoops.

The shower was hosted by Amazon Baby Registry.

Hot mama! The Good American founder paired her fancy long-sleeve frock with a long-line satin pink duster and nude pumps

Woman of the hour! The reality star adorned herself with just a few pieces of silver jewelry including a set of moderately large hoops

'I can't wait to meet you baby,' little sister Kylie Jenner said in a snap of Khloe's baby bump

Her baby daddy, Tristan, joined the clan of women in a Louis Vuitton denim jacket and a white tee.

He was spotted with a glass of wine in hand as he mingled with the Kardashian's closest friends including Jen Atkin, Larsa Pippen, and Kyle Richards.

The Cleveland Cavaliers player is conveniently in town due to his basketball game Sunday against the Los Angeles Lakers.

Looking fly! Her baby daddy, Tristan, joined the clan of women in a Louis Vuitton denim jacket and a white tee

Bottoms up! He was spotted with a glass of wine in hand as he mingled with the Kardashian's closest friends including Jen Atkin, Larsa Pippen, and Kyle Richards

Amazon Baby Registry gifted the youngest Kardashian with her popping pink baby shower.

To noone's surprise, the family's signature black and white photo booth was set up for the guests with baby-themed props including crowns and pacifiers.

And rather than have a typical guestbook, Amazon had guests write sweet notes inside book covers for the mom-to-be.

The books included famous child titles—Goodnight Moon, Oh, Baby, The Places You’ll Go, Everything is Mama, and more.

Parental units! The couple arrived to the shower together in a black Range Rover

Bad weather: Khloe was escorted into the hotel as someone held an umbrella over her head

Three of a kind! Once inside Kylie and Khloe took a flattering selfie with Maria Menounos

Lovely ladies! Kylie took a moment to pose with another reality star, Kim Zolciak, at the fun event

The banquet room at the Hotel Bel-Air was transformed into a magical pink wonderland for the afternoon soiree.

The family spared no expense as they decorated the room with wall to wall hedges and a hanging flower garden created by Jeff Haynes-Leatham.

Guests, who sat at a large round table, were in awe of the towering elephant-shaped flower arrangements and the massive confections table.

'This room is heaven,' mom Kris Jenner exclaimed in one of her Instagram posts.

Hanging gardens! The family spared no expense as they decorated the room with wall to wall hedges and a hanging flower garden

It's a zoo! Guests, who sat at a large round table, were in awe of the towering elephant-shaped flower arrangements that stood in the corner of the room

I spy! Maria was also enamored with the elephant motif

Neon lights! The floor of the venue in Bel Air was covered in pink balloons and on the wall a neon sign said 'Baby Thompson'

Kylie Jenner was the first sister to share a photo of Khloe at the animal-themed shower.

'I can't wait to meet you baby,' she said in the snap.

Kylie was the most recent Kardashian/Jenner sister to give birth. Her one-month-old baby, Stormi, whom she shares with rapper boyfriend Travis Scott, also made an appearance at the celebration.

'Can they get any cuter?' Kylie Jenner shared the second-ever glimpse at her month-old daughter Stormi Webster's face with her 'Auntie' Jordyn Woods ahead of Khloé Kardashian's baby shower at the Bel-Air Hotel on Saturday

Khloé's half-sister Kendall Jenner was one of the first guests to arrive to the bash.

The 22-year-old looked conservative in a khaki blazer tucked into matching high-waisted trousers and pointy-toed black leather booties.

She later rubbed the mom-to-be's belly in a series of playful Snapchat stories.

Family fun: Khloé's half-sister Kendall Jenner was one of the first guests to arrive to the Beverly Hills bash

Chic: The 22-year-old ooked conservative in a khaki blazer tucked into matching high-waisted trousers and pointy-toed black leather booties

Sister, sister! She later rubbed the mom-to-be's belly in a series of playful Snapchat stories

Girl time! Sister Kendall Jenner shared a photograph of the Kardashian sisters (minus Kim) later on social

MJ, the sister's infamous grandmother, donned a chic pantsuit and layered pearls for the baby shower.

The great-grandmother to now eight little ones, recently moved from San Diego to Los Angeles to be closer to her family.

Kourtney Kardashian spent a good part of the afternoon taking photos of the matriarch.

Matriarch! MJ, the sister's infamous grandmother, donned a chic pantsuit and layered pearls for the baby shower

'My heart!' Khloé's eldest sister Kourtney also Insta-storied MJ as she wrote a message in lipstick on a mirror as well as a large stuffed elephant.

Kourtney looked as stylish as ever in a double-breasted suit jacket that doubled as a dress.

While, middle sister Kim Kardashian, arrived fashionably late, only to show off her hair newly dyed back to its natural color.

Thompson wasn't the only male in the room as his best friends Rich and Simon were also in attendance.

Pretty in pink! Kourtney attended the shower with her only daughter Penelope

Strut your stuff! The eldest Kardashian looked as stylish as ever in a double-breasted suit jacket that doubled as a dress

New do! While, middle sister Kim Kardashian, arrived fashionably late, only to show off her hair newly dyed back to its natural color

Rain go away! Kim arrived in a skin-tight nude dress to the party

The baby shower happened to fall on several of Khloe's friends' birthdays

In honor of Malika and Khadijah Haqq and Jen Atkin, the reality star had three cakes made for the birthday girls.

The entire crowd took a moment to sing Happy Birthday and watch the ladies blow out their candles.

'Everybody's included,' said the Revenge Body host in her Instagram story.

Momager! Kris was all smiles as she left the shower in thigh-high gray boots and a pale pink dress with a silk accent around the neck

So considerate: In honor of her friends, Khloe had three cakes made for her birthday girls—Malika and Khadijah Haqq and Jen Atkin

All smiles! Khloe was excited to unwrap all the gifts for her little girl

Larsa Pippen joined the Kardashian/Jenner clan with a gift bag in hand and wearing a whisper pink wrap dress and silver stilettos.

The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Kyle Richards opted for a beige embellished chiffon ruffled creation and studded nude pumps.

While TV presenter Maria Menounos sported a perky ponytail and a nude silk gown with peep-toe heels.

Celebrating all things baby: Also attending Kardashian's soirée was family friend Larsa Pippen - gift bag in hand - wearing a whisper pink wrap dress and silver stilettos

Socialite central: The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Kyle Richards opted for a beige embellished chiffon ruffled creation and studded nude pumps

At the valet: Presenter Maria Menounos sported a perky ponytail and a nude silk gown with peep-toe heels

RHOA's Kim Zolciak came ready to party in a white bejeweled crop top with a veil-like extension, white pants, and claw-like nails.

She was accompanied by her mini-me daughter Brielle Biermann who was pretty in a pink blazer and matching wide-leg pants.

The Don't Be Tardy star managed to score time in the photo booth with Khloe before snapping a quick picture with Kylie.

Don't be tardy! Kim Zolciak, alongside daughter Brielle Biermann, came to party in a white bejeweled crop top with a veil-like extension, pants, and claw-like nails

Reality reunion: Kyle Richards chatted with Kim Zociak and daughter Brielle outside the Bel-Air Hotel where Khloe Kardashian celebrated her baby shower on Saturday

Nude and pinks: The color palette from the guests included nude shades and pink

Rain, rain, go away: Kim received assistance from someone with an umbrella during a heavy LA storm

Oh my: Brielle looks on as her mother's elaborate train gets dragged through the rain

Even Malika and Khadijah were paling around with the Biermann ladies.

After the shower, Kim shared a sweet message about her dear friend Koko.

'Such a beautiful baby shower,' she said in her Instagram post. 'I couldn't be happier for you and Tristan. You are going to be such an incredible mommy. Love you oh so much!!'

Beaming: Kim attended Khloe's baby shower at the Bel-Air Hotel on Saturday

Just the two of us: Khloe posed with the Real Housewives of Atlanta star at her Hotel Bel-Air affair

Beautiful ladies: The parents-to-be were surrounded by love as their due date quickly approaches

Social media queens: Kim posed with Khadijah Haqq while sticking her tongue out for the camera

So fit: The mom of six showed off her toned tummy in a stunning crop top with metallic establishments

It was one packed day for the Kardashian/Jenner clan who only took a brief break from partying before celebrating Tristan's 27th birthday on Saturday night.

The NBA player, who plays at the Staples Center on Sunday, wore a black and white bomber jacket to the festivities thrown in his honor.

The family celebrated his March 13 birthday a few days early due to Tristan's hectic travel schedule.

Birthday boy! Khloe threw her baby daddy a 27th birthday party on Saturday night

Another year! The family celebrated his March 13 birthday a few days early due to Tristan's hectic travel schedule

Shortly after the star-studded bash, Kylie shielded her pretty features from the rain in a red padded jacket as she headed to Tristan's birthday bash.

Flaunting her incredible post-baby body, the youngest sister of the Kardashian/Jenner clan slipped her curvaceous frame into a pair of form-fitting PVC trousers.

The mother-to-be also changed her day attire as she donned a chic satin coat and black maxi dress - further accentuating her growing bump.

Coy: Shortly after the star-studded bash, Kylie shielded her pretty features from the rain in a red padded jacket as she headed to Tristan's birthday bash

Wow-factor! Flaunting her incredible post-baby body, the youngest sister of the Kardashian/Jenner clan slipped her curvaceous frame into a pair of form-fitting PVC trousers

All eyes on her! The mother-to-be also changed her day attire as she donned a chic satin coat and black maxi dress - further accentuating her growing bump

Supportive partner: Tristan proved to be a helping hand for his pregnant girlfriend as they made their way into a car

Elegant: The media mogul slipped her envy-inducing frame into a black dress and donned a stylish black coat, embellished with elaborate faux fur

Loved up: Tristan and Khloe shared an intimate moment at the soiree





