www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2017/kate-middleton-begging-prince-william-to-go-to-couples-therapy-following-ski-trip-scandal/

Sean O'Brien

Kate Middleton Begging Prince William To Go To Couple’s Therapy Following Ski Trip Scandal?

Kate Middleton and Prince William have been married for several years and have two children together, but their marriage has never been in more trouble. As such, we’re hearing that sources close to the royals are now alleging that Kate Middleton wants Prince William to go to couple’s therapy with her.

Couple’s therapy works for some marriages, and doesn’t work for others – but this is THE royal marriage we’re talking about. Prince William’s marriage to Kate Middleton is probably the most scrutinized marriage in the world, especially right now, and that attention will only make the idea of couple’s therapy more difficult to pull off.

For example, what therapist should they go to? What facility? Does the therapist come to the palace? Any way they try to slice this, the press getting even a whiff of this would lead to widespread speculation that Prince William and Kate Middleton are getting a divorce.

Right now, the palace press office is in overdrive trying to fix Prince William’s disastrous image, thanks to his Swiss rendezvous last week and clear disregard for protocol, tradition, or basic decency. His marriage to Kate Middleton is also clearly in tatters as a result, and any other wife might have left by know. However, Kate Middleton has worked most of her adult life to become a princess (they don’t call her waity Katie for nothing), and it’s going to take a lot more than this for her to throw that all away.

Besides, Prince William has always been extraordinary stubborn about getting what he wants, and he never, ever seems to learn from his mistakes. While his family likely instilled some sense of guilt into him after last week, he’s probably already reverted to behaving the way he always does – that is, with disregard to his reputation and his wife, and a lack of understanding towards the way royals are expected to behave. He thinks he’s being ‘modern’, when really, he’s just being spoiled and stubborn.

What do you guys think of the idea of Prince William and Kate Middleton attending couple’s therapy? Do you think it will help, or that they have already embarked on a slow limp towards divorce? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below and don’t forget to check CDL for more royals news and updates right here.

Image Credit: FameFly

The @Heads_Together films feature people from all walks of life talking about their mental health. Find out more → https://t.co/5FY1AWbg4Y pic.twitter.com/PDVVcgzvlG — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) March 30, 2017

