www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4862458/Brad-Pitt-s-car-spotted-Angelina-Jolie-s-house.html

Ciara Farmer For Mailonline

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie dismiss reunion reports

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's divorce is said to be moving forward despite persistent reports that the couple may be reconciling.

But sources revealed to MailOnline that 'nothing has changed' with the couple, as they continue towards divorce following their bitter split in September 2016.

Close insiders divulged: 'Nothing has changed, they are both focused on the kids and the divorce has continued to move forward'.

Scroll down for video

Moving on: Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's divorce is said to be moving forward despite persistent reports that the couple may be reconciling

The rumour mill went into overdrive when Brad's car was pictured parked at Angelina's house last week, but sources have told MailOnline that it's no big deal and he's probably just storing it there.

The property is located half a mile from the couple's old family home in Los Feliz, Los Angeles - where Brad still lives after Angelina's departure.

In September it was reported that Brad had redeveloped the original home to make the location more family friendly with trampolines and play areas outside.

Thus far there has been no evidence that Maddox, 16, Pax, 13, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 12, and twins Vivienne and Knox, nine have visited their father at the family home.

Happier times: Sources revealed to MailOnline that 'nothing has changed' with the couple as they continue towards divorce following their bitter split in September 2016

Breadwinner: Angelina says she's returning to acting to star in Maleficent 2 after taking a year off because she is now the provider for her family of six children, pictured September 2

MailOnline has contacted representatives for Angelina and Brad for comment.

Earlier this week, Angelina revealed she is going back in front of the camera because she needs to provide for her children. She joked to Deadline.com that since splitting from Brad, it's up to her to step up.

'I am now the breadwinner for the family so it’s time,' the mother-of-six laughed as she spoke about returning to acting after a hiatus.

The industry site caught up with Angelina at the Telluride Film Festival over the weekend where she was showing her directorial debut and passion project First They Killed My Father.

The actress confirmed she will star in a follow-up to Disney's Maleficent released in 2014. 'We have been working on the script and this is going to be a really strong sequel,' she said.

Happy days: Angelina pictured with daughter Vivienne at the Telluride Film Festival this past weekend, has been separated from husband Brad for a year and has primary custody of the kids

Back to wicked: The actress said of returning to the Disney role she first played in 2014: 'We have been working on the script and this is going to be a really strong sequel'

Angelina and Brad separated in September 2016 and Angelina took a year off from acting to concentrate on her personal situation and 'to take care' of her kids, she told THR.com during the festival in Colorado.

She also revealed to The Hollywood Reporter that she might also star in Cleopatra.

'There is a script,' she said. 'There's a lot of different things floating around. But I haven't committed.'

Ready to get back to work: Angelina told The Hollywood Reporter during the festival that her one-year-break from the movies is over

While promoting First They Killed My Father, the Oscar winner admitted that filing for divorce after a 12 year relationship has been difficult.

'Sometimes maybe it appears I am pulling it all together. But really I am just trying to get through my days,' said the Tomb Raider vet.

'I don’t enjoy being single. It’s not something I wanted,' she continued in an interview with the Sunday Telegraph.

'There are no upsides, there's nothing nice about it. It's just hard,' she added.

Better times: Angelina split from Brad in September 2016. 'I don’t enjoy being single. It’s not something I wanted,' she told the Sunday Telegraph, (pictured 2015)

Now a single mother, the Girl Interrupted star has endured a few years of physical pain as well as emotional.

In 2013, she underwent a preventive double mastectomy after it was revealed she carried the BRCA1 gene, which gave her an estimated 87 per cent risk of breast cancer and 50 per cent of ovarian cancer. She had her ovaries removed in 2015 as another preventative measure.

And last year - in addition to hypertension - the superstar developed Bell’s Palsy.

'Emotionally it’s been a very difficult year. And I have some other health issues. So my health is something I have to monitor,' she relayed.

'I feel sometimes that my body has taken a hit, but I try to laugh as much as possible. Even if you are going through chemo, you need to find the ability to love and laugh.'

