radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/07/suri-begs-daddy-tom-cruise-to-visit-her/

Radar Staff, July

Suri Begs Daddy Tom Cruise To Visit Her

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Tom Cruise Planning Secret Meets With Suri After Reconnecting Through 'Heartbreaking' Calls Church of Scientology has played a large role in the actor not seeing his daughter.

Suri Cruise has begged her famous father Tom, “Daddy, come home!”

RadarOnline.com exclusively learned their strained relationship could be repaired after she implored him to visit her, a source said.

Suri, 12, whose mom is Tom’s ex-wife, actress Katie Holmes, 39, has been contacting her dad through a series of heartbreaking letters, calls and voicemails, the insider has revealed.

Although Katie’s rep has denied it, according to the source, the little girl has begged Tom, 56, to come and visit and the Mission Impossible star has finally responded to Suri.

“He’s contacted Suri through a third party, who he trusts implicitly, to check in and make sure she’s okay,” the spy said. “He wants her to know that he’s thought of her all this time and that he got all of her messages. In fact, he read and listened to each and every word.

“Tom’s paving the way to come back into Suri’s life permanently—and many expect it to happen soon.”

In June 2012, Holmes ended her marriage to Tom and things have reportedly been hard between him and Suri ever since.

A second source said of Tom, “He was absent for one milestone after another” in Suri’s life.

Although Holmes is constantly photographed with her daughter, fans have wondered why Tom is so rarely seen with Suri.

“That would be painful for any child—you have to wonder what kind of emotional toll it [took] on Suri,” the source said.

The Church of Scientology requires members to “disconnect” with those who leave the controversial faith and “Tom couldn’t reach out [to Suri] before because Katie fled the religion,” the source said.

Tom, a top celebrity in Scientology, “believes he can bypass the rigid rule.”

The superstar is building a home base in Florida to help build up Church membership, “but what he’s really doing is setting the stage for a reunion with Suri,” the insider explained.

Suri has “made a plea to Katie to let her see her dad,” and Katie, who recently denied that she has split from longtime boyfriend Jamie Foxx, is all for it.

“Katie would never stand in the way of Suri having a relationship with her father. If that’s what Tom wants, the better.”

The source added that Tom “feels like he’s missed out so much. He wants her to be a part of his life.”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

Get the exclusive celebrity scoop on all the stars you love before any of your friends by subscribing to our new podcast Straight Shuter below!

