www.harpersbazaar.com/celebrity/latest/a21083761/prince-george-extra-security-isis-threat/

Erica Gonzales

Prince George Is Reportedly Getting More Security Following an ISIS Threat

Prince George is getting heightened security at school and around London after being targeted by an ISIS threat, TMZ reports. There will reportedly be "beefed up" security at his school, St. Thomas's Battersea, and more officers will accompany him and his grandmother, Carole Middleton (Kate's mom), during their outings together.

Two weeks ago, an alleged supporter of the Islamic State group went on trial in London, accused of encouraging attacks on the four-year-old prince. Prosecutors said Husnain Rashid—a 32-year-old former mosque teacher in northwest England—provided an "e-toolkit for terrorism" and encouraged attacks on a range of targets, including "injecting poison into supermarket ice creams and targeting Prince George at his first school."

The Guardian reports that one of Rashid's posts included a photo of George, his school, and the message, "Even the royal family will not be left alone." Last week, after previously saying he did nothing wrong, Rashid admitted to a number of terror offenses, including encouraging terrorism, according to CNN.

Getty Images

Prince George—the eldest child of Prince William and Kate Middleton, and third in line for the throne—was recently seen at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal wedding on May 19, where he served as a page boy. He was more recently spotted with his mother and sister, Princess Charlotte, for an outing in Norfolk, England, last week.

According to TMZ, Prince George's next appearance will be at Trooping the Colour on Sunday with the rest of the royal family at Buckingham Palace. As expected, there'll be a "bigger security presence than usual," according to the site.

The royal family is choosing not to lay low or retreat in the wake of the ISIS threat, a source close to the family told TMZ.

Additional reporting from Associated Press.

