www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3100031/Ben-Affleck-Jennifer-Garner-hit-claims-ve-secretly-separated-headed-divorce.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner are 'secretly separated' and 'headed for divorce'

One of Hollywood's favourite couples, Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner, has been hit by claims that their marriage is in trouble.

Both OK! Magazine and National Enquirer have reported this week that the pair's relationship is on the brink of collapse.

The couple, who married in 2005 and share children Violet, nine; Seraphina, six; and Samuel, three, have already separated, according to the Enquirer, and heading for a $150million divorce.

Scroll down for video

Marriage troubles? Several reports this week are suggesting Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner have secretly separated and heading for divorce

The website also suggest that Affleck, 42, is wanting an official announcement ahead of the duo's 10th wedding anniversary so that media attention will have died down before he starts promoting upcoming Batman v Superman: Dawn Of Justice.

The couple have not been pictured together for over a month when they were spotted walking in their Brentwood, California neighbourhood.

Radar Online also ran a report suggesting Garner, 43, has reached breaking point after years of problems in the marriage.

An insider said: 'Often, when Ben and Jen have a problem, they just agree to ride it out and be miserable together until they can get some time apart,'

Daddy duty: It has been reported that couple are spending more and more time apart, Affleck, 42, is seen in Pacific Palisades on Sunday with the couple's three children Violet, nine, Seraphina, six and Samuel, three

Time apart? The pair haven't been seen together since April. Garner, 43, is pictured in Brentwood on May 18 with their three children

They added: 'Jennifer has close friends who think that she and Ben are a horrible fit, despite how much he loves being a father to those kids.'

Another insider told the publication: 'Jen has actually been preparing herself emotionally for this divorce for some time.

'She sees a therapist to learn how to cope with the divorce, and how to deal with the kids after they split. She’ll take custody of them.'

Hollywood's favourite couple: Sources suggest to OK and National Enquirer that the duo are planning to announce the split in the next few weeks ahead of their 10th anniversary on June 29

The website also said Affleck and Garner have been spending more and more time apart with the Gone Girl star spotted playing high-stakes poker for several hours in Las Vegas on May 3.

He was again spotted gambling in Sin City in the early hours of May 14 while his wife was in New York, suggesting that the actor had left the children with a babysitter.

And on Garner's birthday on April 17, Affleck was reportedly seen on a solo trip in Canada without his wedding ring.

'He's told Jen that he wants the official statement to come out before their ten-year wedding anniversary on June 29.' an insider told Radar.

The actress recently said that her marriage to the Argo star requires a lot of 'patience' as she revealed to Yahoo! Parenting last week.

Nearly 10 years: The couple married in 2005 after dating for less than a year. They are seen together in LA on December 11

'You just go on a ride together because you don’t know who you’re going to be when you first have a baby and you don’t know who [your partner] is going to be,' she told them.

She continued: 'You have to just hang in there while you figure it out - and have a lot of patience for each other.'

The couple sparked a friendship on the set of 2001 flick Pearl Harbor and went on to star alongside each other in the 2003 film Daredevil.

Years later, Ben admits he fell in love with Jennifer on the set of Daredevil - which was filmed over summer 2002 - in an interview Playboy: 'That’s where I found my wife. We met on Pearl Harbor, which people hate, but we fell in love on Daredevil.'

They started dating in late 2004 before getting engaged in April 2005, marrying two months later in a private ceremony in the Turks and Caicos while Jennifer was pregnant with their daughter Violet.

Time apart: The Gone Girl star has been spotted twice gambling in Las Vegas, one trip coinciding with Garner being away in New York on May 14. The duo are pictured at the 2013 Oscars

Ben previously dated singer/actress Jennifer Lopez from June 2002 to January 2004, during which time they became engaged, but called off their planned September 2003 wedding at the last minute.

Meanwhile, Jennifer was previously married to Grey's Anatomy and Felicity actor Scott Foley from 2000 until 2003.

In a 2013 interview with Allure magazine, she said of her first marriage: 'We didn't have a shot. He's a really good guy, and we just imploded.

'We were full-on grown-ups, but looking back I'm aware we did not know what hit us.'

Dailymail.com has contacted Ben and Jennifer's rep for comment.

Friends first: Jennifer and Ben starred opposite each other in the 2003 film Daredevil, before they started dating the following year

New romance: Ben and Jennifer went public as a couple at the baseball World Series in his native Boston in October 2004

