www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5645343/Ben-Affleck-treats-cast-crew-500-Hawaiian-luau-girlfriend-Lindsay-Shookus-there.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Ben Affleck treats cast and crew of 500 to Hawaiian luau

Ben Affleck has a big heart.

The 45-year-old actor pulled out all the stops as he treated the cast and crew to his upcoming film Triple Frontier to a Hawaiian luau according to a Sunday report from People.

There were about 500 people who were in attendance at the celebration according to the weekly but no doubt no one was more important to Affleck than his girlfriend Lindsay Shookus.

Big heart: Ben Affleck treated the cast and crew to his upcoming film Triple Frontier to a Hawaiian luau as they were even joined by his girlfriend Lindsay Shookus (as they are pictured together in Septmeber) according to a Sunday report from People

What a party: There were about 500 people who were in attendance at the celebration according to the weekly (stock photo of a luau from 1965)

The traditional Hawaiian party had all the fixings including the culinary staple of a full roasted pig.

Affleck even sprung for entertainment in the form of fire dancers and a three-piece Hawaiian band.

The Oscar-winning filmmaker even ensured that everyone has a good time by providing shuttle service for the entire cast and crew.

Yum: The traditional Hawaiian party had all the fixings including the culinary staple of a full roasted pig (stock photo)

No doubt Ben has created a healthy and fun environment on set as a source told People: 'They are all really enjoying the shoot.'

It definitely seems like the father of three was really excited about bringing everyone together as the insider added: 'Ben has been planning this luau for weeks.

'He wanted to do it for everyone as the shoot has been rough with 14 days of rain and training.'

Loved up: The weekly also claims that Ben's 37-year-old Saturday Night Live producer girlfriend arrived in Hawaii earlier this week, the couple are pictured in LA in January

The weekly also claims that Ben's 37-year-old Saturday Night Live producer girlfriend arrived in Hawaii earlier this week.

Despite moving on romantically Affleck has remained a family man as he was spotted taking the kids to church with ex-wife Jennifer Garner last Sunday.

Last April, they filed for divorce pro per - she giving the petition, he the virtually identical response - and were both asking joint custody, TMZ reported at the time.

