www.betrendsetter.com/demi-lovato-plastic-surgery-before-and-after-photos/



Demi Lovato Plastic Surgery Before and After Photos, Secrets

Share Facebook

Twitter

Demi Lovato Plastic Surgery rumors persist in 2018. We explore three areas that deserve closer looks. See the before and after photos to make up your own mind!

Demi Lovato Plastic Surgery History

Demi Lovato first came into the lime light as a cute Disney princess staring in cute movies such as The Princess Protection Program (2009), Camp Rock (2008) among many others. Demi has also been a judge on the X Factor (2012, 2013). She co-headlined a concert, Future Now Tour in 2016 with Nick Jonas. She even transformed from a Disney princess to a punk princess by shaving a side of her head and been spotted rocking black leather outfits. In 2017, she released a YouTube documentary about herself called Demi Lovato: Simply Complicated.

Demi Lovato Body Transformation

Here’s a great photo of the Demi Lovato abs in the before photo. Thanks to good nutrition and exercise, Demi Lovato stomach is in great shape as of the summer of 2017. In the after photo, we can see that Demi has gained a lot of weight. She’s almost looking like a new person, but there is no plastic surgery here.

In her 2018 song, Sober, Demi confesses that she relapsed after six years of staying off alcohol. No doubt this drinking played into her new body shape.

Demi Lovato Face Transformation

As a quick heads up, let’s dive right on in and check out Demi Lovato’s face. See if you can see any unusual facial feature changes that can’t be attributed to the aging process.

Demi Lovato, the Heart Attack singer, has been rumored to have had several plastic surgery procedures to alter her appearance to go alongside her natural body changes. Demi really doesn’t care and denies having cosmetic surgery, although her before and after pics suggest otherwise!

Did Demi Lovato have Plastic Surgery, or was it natural growth that caused the said changes?

Apart from her obvious body growth changes, there seem to be a great shift in the appearance of Demi’s face causing people to wonder, did Demi Lovato have cosmetic surgery on her face? We believe the answer is yes, and here are the ones on the top list of our suspicions!

Demi Lovato Nose Job

The first area for us to a closer look at is Demi Lovato nose. Let’s look for any signs of a nose job (rhinoplasty).

Here we are looking at Demi Lovato’s nose from before in 2008, and fast forward to 2018 to how her current nose.

Natural growth or no growth, there seem to be a clear difference in the way Demi Lovato nose profile looked like before and how it looks now. Demi Lovato nose has changed dramatically. Previously, Her was more of a round globe shape as opposed to the perfect symmetrical nose she sports now. You can also see that the base of her nose and the bridge of her nose have gotten thinner.

In her Neon Lights (2014) music video, her face is the main focus and especially from a side view, there is no denying that her nose looks totally different. There must be some Demi Lovato plastic surgery at play.

The singer has denied having any kind of rhinoplasty cosmetic surgery, saying her nose has always been like that, but it’s fairly obvious to us. Demi Lovato nose job isn’t much of a secret.

Demi Lovato Boob Job (Breast Implants)

There are a lot of mixed feelings as to whether the Skyscraper singer, Demi Lovato breast implant surgery rumors are real or fake. When she first came into the limelight, she was still a young girl whose breasts were still in the in developmental stage.

These days however, there seems to be a slight difference in her bra size now. Many of her fans wonder, are Demi Lovato boobs fake? Did Demi Lovato get a boob job? Let’s take a closer look at Demi’s bosom.

In some photos, you can see evidence of a Demi Lovato breast enlargement taking place. This could be explained by Demi using a push-up bra or padded bra to accentuate her cleavage. Some women resort to using duct tape to improve their bust shape.

Looking at photos from 2016 in the sun with a bikini, she seems to have added some a little cup size; it’s barely noticeable. It’s hard to see evidence of a Demi Lovato boob job in those pictures. She frequently wears black dresses and outfits so it’s harder to confirm the plastic surgery rumors with any certainty!

If Demi Lovato did get breast implants, they weren’t very big ones. It may be that her bigger breasts were simply from weight gain, and that the Demi Lovato boob job rumors are false. Several of her ardent fans also insist and proclaim, Demi Lovato tits are real!

Here are a couple more bikini photos to consider.

At this point, we haven’t found enough evidence to support the Demi Lovato boob job claims. We are going to call those rumors false, for now.

Demi Lovato Chin Implants

Sources close to Demi Lovato, say that she has been playing with the idea of getting a chin implant to alter her face shape. Following in the footsteps of Ashlee Simpson who had has made her face less round to create a more sophisticated silhouette, Demi too wants to make her face more ‘American’.

At her heaviest weight, there were signs of a Demi Lovato double chin, but since slimming down that issue has largely gone away. In other photos, you can see the Demi Lovato chin dimple that we think it’s adorable.

We cannot yet confirm whether she has gone ahead with the plan but we hope it will not be another case of plastic surgery gone badly! Let’s keep an eye out on Demi Lovato chin shape and see if we see some changes over time.

At this time, there is no sign of Demi Lovato botox injections. She is still very young, and could go for quite some time before needing them.

Demi Lovato weight loss in 2015 was more than 30 pounds, and her body shape changed accordingly. This was from working out and eating right. She had posted her progress reports on her instagram account. Demi has struggled with eating disorders (bulimia) in the past, but she asserts her weight loss this time was done the right way.

If Demi Lovato had any plastic surgeries, she really did have some nice work done because you can barely notice the changes and she still looks totally natural. Though, losing her father may have been a traumatic experience coupled with the Hollywood peer pressure and zeal to fit in may have just drove the young old pop star to surgical improvements. We leave you to make up your own mind.

Bottom-line is Demi Lovato looks fabulous and if the plastic surgery helped with look a little more beautiful and amazing, then that is great for her!

What are your thoughts on the Demi Lovato plastic surgery rumors? Let us know in the comments below.

Demi Lovato Bio

Name: Demetria Devonne Lovato

Born: 20 August 1992 in Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA

Age: years old

Occupation: Singer, Songwriter, Actress

Height: 5 ft 3 in (161 cm)

Weight: 128 lbs (58 kg)

Bra Size: 34B

