www.ok.co.uk/celebrity-feature/1344399/why-doesnt-kanye-west-smile-kim-kardashian-family-photo

Nicole Douglas, Image, Instagram Kim Kardashian West, Kim Kardashian Instagram, Gc Images, Getty, Twitter, Rodeothealbum

Why doesn’t Kanye West smile? Kim Kardashian’s first family photo since arrival of new baby girl sparks questions from fans

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: Instagram/Kim Kardashian West)

Although having three beautiful children, North, four, Saint, two, and Chicago, three months, with his wife Kim Kardashian – the most famous woman on the planet – Kanye West is rarely seen smiling.

As Kim and Kanye shared their first photo as a family of five on Instagram on March 4, the couple were inundated with questions as to why they looked so unhappy, despite their gorgeous children in high spirits alongside them.

While North held a peace sign at the camera, the rest of her relatives wore blank expressions, something rapper Kanye is known for.

"Is Kanye ok?" one person replied, while a second commented: "Look at his face".

(Image: Kim Kardashian/Instagram)

Meanwhile a third added: "It alright to smile...your kids are going to want to see pictures of you guys smiling. You all look miserable!"

"A smile from a happy parent won’t hurt," replied a fourth.

So why do the Kardashian-Wests rarely smile?

Kanye answered the question in 2015, drawing his inspiration from "paintings in an old castle".

(Image: GC Images) (Image: Getty)

He told High Snobiety: "Back when I was working on Yeezus, I saw this book from the 1800s and it was velvet-covered with brass and everything.

"I looked at all these people’s photos, and they look so real, and their outfits were incredible, and they weren’t smiling. People, you know, the paparazzi, always come up to me: 'Why you not smiling?' And I think, not smiling makes me smile."

Kanye continued: "When you see paintings in an old castle, people are not smiling because it just wouldn’t look as cool."

Wife Kim revealed her reason for not smiling months later, explaining she changed the way she viewed having her picture taken after becoming pregnant with first child North.

(Image: Twitter / RodeoTheAlbum)

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star said she received criticism in the press over her pregnant appearance, while she was battling preeclampsia which caused her to bloat.

She told C Magazine: "After I had the baby, I was like, 'These are the same people that made fun of me, and posted the stories that were so awful, calling me fat for something I couldn’t control'."

