www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5968377/Kourtney-Kardashian-frustrated-jealous-beau-Younes-Bendjima-slamming-booty-snap.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Kourtney Kardashian 'frustrated' by 'jealous' beau Younes Bendjima

Younes Bendjima raised eyebrows after he posted and quickly deleted a snarky comment on a racy Instagram from his girlfriend.

And it seems like Kourtney Kardashian is none too pleased with her younger beau's jealousy.

The 39-year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star is said to be 'frustrated' with her 25-year-old boyfriend airing out his grievances in a public forum it was reported by E! News on Wednesday.

A source for the entertainment publication said: 'Kourtney doesn't appreciate Younes posting his feelings in a public forum and being impulsive.

Peachy: Kourtney Kardashian, 39, is said to be 'frustrated' with her 25-year-old boyfriend airing out his grievances in a public forum it was reported by E! News on Wednesday after she posted this racy snap two days prior

'She's frustrated that he continues to get upset about it. She isn't going to stop doing what she's doing and feels like he needs to understand and deal with it.'

As the former amateur boxer makes his living scantily-clad in front of the camera it is interesting to note that he would feel this way.

The insider explained: 'Younes gets jealous and can be possessive of Kourtney. When she posts half naked pictures, he gets very upset.

'He wants her for himself and doesn't want to share her with the world.'

Dislike: Her boyfriend, Younes Bendjima, (pictured) is said to not be a fan of her sexy selfies

The two recently returned from a trip in Europe which lasted over several weeks as the male model is said to be 'missing her like crazy and got emotional,' however, Kourtney believes that he needs to get over it as it's part of her job and brand.

The source explained: 'Kourtney has explained its part of her job and it's not going to change. But it still makes him uncomfortable and upset. He overreacted and put up a comment without thinking it through.

'Then he realized what he did made it even worse. He was just not thinking in the moment and got emotional.'

The report comes just two days after the reality star posted a very revealing snap o her curves on Instagram on Monday.

She proudly flaunted her bodacious figure in a floral patterned thong bikini as she posed with her back to the camera while kneeling on the grass.

Contradiction? As Younes is a male model he often posts snaps of himself scantily-clad

However one person who doesn't seem to be the fan of the image is her 25-year-old model boyfriend Younes Bendjima.

According to The Shade Room, the model deleted a comment on the snap which said: 'that's what you need to show to get likes?'

On Monday, PEOPLE reported he has never been a fan of Kourtney's 'sexy pictures on social media.'

'He doesn't want his girlfriend to do that,' a source told the magazine. 'He gets that it's her job, but he has always had a problem with this. This is the stuff that made them split in the past.'

Bendjima publicly expressed his dislike when he commented on the reality star's most recent Instagram post, writing: 'This is what you need to show to get likes?'

Younes' comment has since been deleted.

Several of the KUWTK star's pals including sister Kendall Jenner and model Bella Hadid approved.

'Yes tooshie,' Kendall wrote.

'Wow. Yup,' Bella said.

And Blink-182's drummer Travis Barker commented on the image with a single hand clap emoji.

'He doesn't want his girlfriend to do that,' a source told the magazine. 'He gets that it's her job, but he has always had a problem with this. This is the stuff that made them split in the past'

Bikini life: Kourtney posted several sultry photos while on vacation in Italy with Younes, including this one in which she snacked on bread while sitting on top deck

Kourtney returned from her Italian vacation with beau Younes on Monday.

'They had the best time,' PEOPLE's insider said. 'It was hard for Younes when Kourtney left and returned to L.A.'

In the sexy snap, the mother-of-three also wore a huge basket-weave sunhat as she smiled at the camera.

Her raven-colored tresses were worn down under the fashionable headwear as she let her natural looks show by wearing minimal make-up.

Kourtney captioned the racy image: 'don’t be shady, be a lady.'

This comes just a day after she invited BFF Larsa Pippen to stay at her home in Calabasas for a sleepover.

On Sunday the reality star posted an Instagram Stories video of them both dressed in black exercise bras and leggings. And she added an incredibly cute a bunny filter.

Captioned 'Diary Of A Sleepover,' Kourtney said in an altered voice: 'We slept in, we had pancakes and shakes with the girls and now it's time to work out.'

Bunny girls: Kourtney, 39, added a rabbit filter to this Instagram stories video with pal Larsa Pippen that she posted at her home Calabasas, Los Angeles County on Sunday

Fun with a gal pal: Captioned Diary Of A Sleepover, Kourtney said in an altered voice, 'We slept in, we had pancakes and shakes with the girls and now it's time to work out'

That's what friends are for: The pair are old pals. In fact, Larsa moved in with Kourtney last year during her split from her husband of 20 years, Hall of Fame NBA forward Scottie Pippen

The pair are old friends. In fact, Larsa moved in with Kourtney last year during her split from her husband of 20 years, Hall of Fame NBA forward Scottie Pippen.

She left their four children - Scottie 16, Preston, 15, Justin who turned 11 on Thursday, and Sophia, nine - at the family home in Fort Lauderdale, Florida she shared with her husband.

Although the couple subsequently called off their divorce, Larsa reportedly still spends a lot of time in California.

In fact, she was among of group of pals, including Kim, Brittny Gastineau and Stephanie Shepherd, who celebrated Kourtney's 38th birthday on a luxury break in Mexico in April.

Meanwhile, Kourtney returned from her Italian vacation with her beau Younes on Monday.

They were joined on the last leg of the trip by her kids and her mom Kris Jenner.

Kourtney shares Mason, eight, daughter Penelope, six, and son Reign, three, with ex-partner 35-year-old Scott Disick.

