www.news.com.au/entertainment/books-magazines/books/caitlyn-jenner-spills-on-sex-life-with-exwife-kris-jenner-in-tellall-book-the-secrets-of-my-life/news-story/4c594836ad93b251110e7b1e62592f98

New York Post

Caitlyn Jenner spills on sex life with ex-wife Kris Jenner in tell-all book The Secrets of my Life

CAITLYN Jenner is getting candid about her sex life with ex-wife Kris Jenner in her new memoir, The Secrets of My Life, and her family are reportedly furious about it.

“We fall in love quickly (we marry after seven months),” Caitlyn, 67, writes in an excerpt published by People. “Since — let’s not kid ourselves — everyone wants to know, Kris and I have good and frequent sex at the beginning.”

The New York Post reports that Caitlyn, who underwent gender reassignment surgery in January, describes the sex as “imbued with love” but admits she wasn’t “entirely comfortable” with the act.

“I tell Kris about my gender issues before I make love to her. This will always be a subject of dispute between us,” Caitlyn laments. “She insists that she was taken by surprise by my ultimate transition to Caitlyn, which obviously means in her mind that she did not know enough.”

While Kris appeared to be shocked by the transition, the former Olympian says that on a number of occasions, she dressed as a woman in front of Kris, 61.

Caitlyn also claims she had 36B-cup breasts, due to hormone therapy, when she met Kris in 1990.

As the years progressed, Caitlyn would steal makeup and clothing from her wife and daughters.

“I have bought makeup how-to books,” Caitlyn adds. “I keep the books, along with my meagre collection of clothing, in a small closet with a lock in the back of my closet. Kris and I have negotiated this, since she is terrified, as I am, of the kids finding something.”

Us Weekly reports that Caitlyn’s stepdaughters, Kourtney, Kim and Khloe are barely speaking to her since excerpts of the book began to leak.

So far the book reveals Caitlyn’s claims that the late Robert Kardashian confessed to him that he knew OJ Simpson was guilty of murder, that she has started sex reassignment surgery and also that she will never have another female lover and is open to exploring sex with a man once surgery is complete.

This article originally appeared in the New York Post

