www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4480976/Paris-Jackson-favourite-play-Madonna-film-biopic.html

Mailonline Reporter

Paris Jackson is favourite to play Madonna in film biopic

The daughter of pop legend Michael Jackson has emerged as the favourite to play Madonna is a movie about her life.

Producers reportedly want 19-year-old Paris Jackson to take the lead in the Vogue singer's biopic Blonde Ambition.

The film will explore the iconic singer's life and doppelganger Paris is seen as the perfect person to bring the role to life.

Scroll down for video

Seeing double: The daughter of pop icon Michael Jackson, Paris Jackson (pictured on a photoshoot in January, left) has emerged as the favourite to play Madonna (pictured in the late 80s, right) is a big screen biopic of her life, set in 1980s New York

A source close to the movie revealed to the Daily Mirror: 'Madonna is not supporting the film yet but the makers are hoping to cast someone who she will love.

'At the moment they are in talks with Paris. If she agrees it will be a massive coup for ­producers as Madonna is a big fan of Paris.'

MailOnline has contacted a representative for Paris, who declined to comment.

However, Madonna is apparently not on board with the film and previously criticised the script.

Actress: Paris received rave reviews for her debut acting performance in the American TV series Star

It is set in 1980s New York and follows Madonna's rise to fame and the release of her self-titled smash hit debut album.

But Madonna said: 'Why would Universal Studios want to make a movie about me based on a script that is all lies?'

During an epic Carpool Karaoke session with James Corden, the 58-year-old confessed she 'tongue in mouth kissed' the late singer.

Doppelganger: In January she was pictured on a Chanel shoot striking a significant resemblance to Madonna

She also admitted it was she who made the first move 'because he was a little shy', adding, 'But he was a willing accomplice.'

Paris' resemblance to the Queen of Pop hasn't gone unnoticed.

In January she was pictured on a Chanel shoot striking a significant resemblance to Madonna, sporting her hair in an 80s inspired bouffant updo and wearing a slick of ruby red lipstick.

Flashback: The film title comes from that of Madonna's legendary 1990 world tour, which Alex Keshishian immortalized in the raucous documentary Madonna: Truth Or Dare

The photoshoot, which appeared in the April 2017 edition of Harper's Bazaar, caused a fan frenzy on social media at the time.

Even Paris was struck by the resemblance, sharing a fan made collage of photos of herself and Madonna side by side on Twitter, captioned, '@Madonna some of the edits people send me get pretty wild but i'm kinda starting to dig it'.

Paris has branched out into acting of late and received rave reviews for her debut acting performance in the American TV series Star.

The Fox show is centred on three women who form their own pop group while Paris played a social media guru.

