www.news.com.au/entertainment/tv/reality-tv/kardashian-sisters-kim-khloe-and-kourtney-slammed-for-wearing-fur-coats/news-story/8860e2b9b77330a50133e135e8761d48

Staff Writers

Kim Khloe Kourtney Kardashian slammed for ‘wearing fur’

THE Kardashians have been savaged for parading around in fur coats and posting pictures of it on social media.

Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian were widely panned on Khloe’s Instagram account after posting the pictures of the trio in the coats on a trip to Cleveland.

It is not known if the coats are real of fake fur but Khole appeared to make no attempt to correct users criticising them for their controversial fashion choice.

Chloe Lattanzi was particularly upset.

Olivia Newton-John’s daughter reposted a pic of Kourtney in a white coat with a drink in hand.

RELATED: Kardashian ‘knew OJ was guilty’

Khloe previously declared she would never wear fur despite dropping her support for animal rights group, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals.

Khloe had been an ambassador for PETA and featured on billboards for the organisation.

However she cut ties to the group in 2012, when she discovered they were linked to a woman who attacked Kim with a flour bomb.

Blac Chyna Banned From Using 'Kardashian' Name Professionally Blac Chyna Banned From Using 'Kardashian' Name Professionally

Khloe released a statement at the time.

“Hi dolls. I’m sure you all heard what happened to Kim last week (thank you SO much for the love and support you all showed her), and I just received word that the woman responsible has very close ties to PETA, despite PETA publicly stating otherwise,” the statement read.

“Not only has PETA lied to the public, but they have proved that they support this kind of behaviour.

“I’ve been a vocal supporter of PETA for a long time but I have also been very vocal about anti-bullying, so this was a huge disappointment for me.

“As you all know, I don’t condone violence and bullying and what happened last Thursday was just that.

“I am absolutely disgusted by their behaviour. Everyone is entitled to their own beliefs and opinions — I personally don’t wear fur but that doesn’t mean I am going to force my views on anyone else, ESPECIALLY by violating them.

“I am a very proud sister right now, because Kim handled last week’s incident like a champ. She got cleaned up and was back out there in a matter of minutes. Go Kimmie!

“We all need to practice what we preach. I will still continue to NOT wear fur, but I will no longer support PETA. Bullying and harassment is NEVER a solution, and I won’t be a part of any organisation that thinks otherwise.”

