www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2017/kate-middleton-struggling-to-forgive-prince-william-royal-couple-in-secret-therapy-sessions/

Joanna Mazewski

Kate Middleton Struggling To Forgive Prince William: Royal Couple In Secret Therapy Sessions?

Kate Middleton is struggling to forgive Prince William and that’s why they’ve been in secret therapy sessions, according to a new report. Apparently, the Duchess of Cambridge is still rather upset at her husband for humiliating her with his very public and embarrassing child-like behavior this year.

Kate Middleton has put her husband Prince William on a short leash ever since he was caught partying and drinking with topless models during a disastrous ski trip to Verbier, Switzerland earlier this year. While Kate herself managed to go on an all-girls ski trip with her sister Pippa Middleton during that same time, there were no embarrassing videos of her dancing at a nightclub or drinking at bars released on social media.

The last thing Kate Middleton wants is to see her husband, the future King of England, party with models or dance like a fool for the world to see. Even though she’s been trying to hide her frustrations with William by putting a smile on her face in public, their relationship behind closed doors is a different story. The Duchess is hoping that with the right kind of counseling sessions, she can slowly but surely learn how to trust William again.

To make matters worse, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been trying their best to show the world that their marriage is absolutely fine. But, a lot of critics say that the harder they try to appear normal, they end up looking both insincere and staged. Kate Middleton doesn’t want to pull the plug on her royal marriage. At this point, she’s willing to do just about anything to make William focus more on their marriage than his own selfish needs.

Prince William and Kate Middleton rarely look like a happy couple in public. Even though they often smile and wave for the cameras during their royal engagements, their body language speaks volumes. Sure, everyone knows that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have to remain professional whenever they are in public, but that doesn’t mean William should completely ignore his wife or refuse to show her any gestures to say that they are still madly in love with one another.

So far Buckingham Palace has not made any comments about the state of Prince William and Kate Middleton’s marriage. In the meantime, don’t forget to check back with CDL for all the latest news and updates on the royal family right here.

Image Credit: FameFlynet

We hope that everyone who attended yesterday’s Party at The Palace had a great day! pic.twitter.com/FNiQHOh1pI — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) May 14, 2017

