www.express.co.uk/life-style/life/972609/meghan-markle-prince-harry-news-latest-royal-tour-children-baby-plans-zika-virus

Emily Hodgkin

Meghan and Harry set to travel to country with Zika virus - sign baby plans are on hold?

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are jetting off on a Royal Tour after getting married last month. Kensington Palace revealed the trip will take place in the Autumn. The palace’s official Twitter account wrote: “The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will undertake an official visit to Australia, Fiji, the Kingdom of Tonga, and New Zealand in the Autumn. “The tour will fall on the occasion of @InvictusSydney 2018.” However, some are concerned about instances of the Zika virus in counties they are planning to visit.

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry baby plans may be on hold after royal tour plans revealed

The International Association for Medical Assistance for Travellers has said there is currently “evidence of ongoing Zika virus transmission” in Fiji and insists “anti-mosquito bite measures” should be taken. It said: “There is evidence of ongoing Zika virus transmission in Fiji. “Take meticulous anti-mosquito bite measures during the daytime. Pregnant travellers should postpone travel to this country.” The virus causes birth defects in pregnant women, in particular, abnormally small heads (microcephaly). Meghan and Harry discussed having children in the future in their engagement interview with the BBC in late 2017.

Stunning Meghan Markle looks elegant for Trooping the Colour Sat, June 9, 2018 Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex arrives in style to celebrate the Queen's birthday at Trooping for Colour. Play slideshow PA 1 of 14 Trooping the Colour

Meghan Markle: Prince Harry baby plans may be on hold after royal tour plans revealed

When asked if they couple would have children Harry told the interviewer: “Not currently no. “One step at a time and hopefully we'll start a family in the near future." The NHS warning for women trying to get pregnant states: “It is recommended that you avoid becoming pregnant while travelling to an area with high or moderate risk of Zika virus transmission, and for eight weeks after you return home. “It is also recommended that you take folic acid supplements for 28 days before trying to get pregnant. “If your male partner has travelled to an area with high or moderate risk of Zika virus transmission, you should use effective contraception to prevent pregnancy and condoms during vaginal, anal and oral sex to reduce the risk of sexual transmission.

Meghan Markle: Some are concerned about instances of the Zika virus in counties she will visit

Meghan Markle: She and Harry will visit Australia, Fiji, the Kingdom of Tonga, and New Zealand

