www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3798993/Christina-Applegate-dumped-mid-date-Gwyneth-Paltrow-branded-good-Jennifer-Aniston-world-s-famous-jilted-wife-look-Brad-Pitt-s-true-romances.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

A look back at Brad Pitt's true romances following Angelina Jolie divorce

It shocked the world on Tuesday when it was announced that Brangelina was no more.

Angelina Jolie filed for divorce after two years of marriage and 12 years of being together. The actress cites irreconcilable differences as the reason for the split.

They made it work for 12 years but before Brad met Angelina on the set of Mr And Mrs Smith in 2005, Brad was one of Hollywood's most eligible bachelors.

One of the first: One of his earliest relationships was with Mike Tyson's now ex-wife Robin Givens from 1986 to 1987

One of his earliest relationships was with Mike Tyson's now ex-wife Robin Givens from 1986 to 1987.

During Tyson's and Robin's divorce, the former boxing pro found his then (estranged) wife Robin sneaking around their house with Brad.

His next publicized, albeit short, relationship was with Jill Schoelen in 1989.

Shock announcement: Angelina Jolie (pictured with Brad in 2009) filed for divorce after two years of marriage and 12 years of being together on Tuesday 20 September

The pair dated for a brief three months and were engaged, but she broke off the engagement in Budapest, Hungary where she was filming The Phantom Of The Opera.

Soon after that ended Brad briefly dated Christina Applegate in 1989 when Christina was just two seasons into Married With Children.

She was a mere 18-years-old when she took him as her date to the 1989 MTV Movie Awards, however she famously left Brad mid date for another man.

Short but sweet: Brad dated Jill Schoelen in 1989 but she broke off the engagement in Budapest, Hungary where she was filming The Phantom Of The Opera

The actress appeared on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen where she was asked who the man in question was, but she refused to answer.

However she did admit that the man wasn’t an actor, though he was well-known to the public. Applegate and the mystery man never ended up in a romance. She did see Pitt again, but they never went on another date.

Brad dated British singer Sinitta, now 49, in the the late 1980s.

On to the next: Soon after Brad briefly dated Christina Applegate in 1989 when Christina was just two seasons into Married With Children

Who was he? She was a mere 18-years-old when she took Brad as her date to the 1989 MTV Movie Awards, however she famously left Brad mid date for another man

When she was on I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Outta Here, Sinitta was asked what Pitt looked like naked.

The British star reminisced: 'Hot. He was beautiful with the most amazing body. I saw him for two years. He was fun, he was young and very sweet.'

Later in 1989, Brad started dating Juliette Lewis. They had worked together on Too Young to Die? in 1990 and Kalifornia in 1993.

She was 16 when they first got together, 10 years younger than him.

London was calling: Brad dated Sinitta, now 49, in the the late 1980s (after she split from another famous ex-beau, Simon Cowell)

Praise indeed: The British singer has praised Brad for having 'the most amazing body'

When Lewis was asked by The Huffington Post about what she thought of Brad and Angelina getting married she responded: 'How awesome is that?'

In 1993 he had a brief fling with brunette model Jitka Pohlodek.

Her and Brad spent a lot of time together in his turn-of-the-century Hollywood Hills mansion.

Long-term: In 1989 that same year Brad started dating Juliette Lewis. They had worked together on Too Young to Die? in 1990 and Kalifornia in 1993

However, it seemed her never properly got over Lewis: 'I still love the woman,' he told Vanity Fair in November of 1994, while dating Pohlodek.

'The problem is, we grow up with this vision that love conquers all, and that's just not so, is it?'

One of his most high profile relationships was with Great Expectations actress Gwyneth Paltrow in 1994.

90's style: In 1993 he had a brief fling with brunette model Jitka Pohlodek

The pair dated from 1994 to 1997 and starred together in the 1995 film Se7en. Paltrow, now 43, was in her early 20s when she was engaged to Brad.

The actress spoke candidly about her relationship with Brad in an interview last year: 'I wasn't ready, and he was too good for me.'

Then came his most famous and high profile relationship with Jennifer Aniston in 1999.

Picture perfect: One of his most high profile relationships was with Great Expectations actress Gwyneth Paltrow in 1994

They were set up on a blind date by both their agents. After dating for two years the couple then got engaged and subsequently married in Malibu in 2000.

Aniston was still filming Friends when they were together. Brad even appeared as a guest star in season eight, episode nine of the show - The One With The Rumor.

Ironically Brad's character, Will Colbert, hated her character Rachel Green for the special Thanksgiving episode.

Hollywood royalty: Then came his most famous and high profile relationship with Jennifer Aniston in 1999, they later divorced in 2005

In 2004 wax figures of Brad and Aniston were unveiled at Madame Tussauds in London, a few months before their separation.

In September of 2004 the couple were experiencing complications, which is when he started filming Mr And Mrs Smith with Angelina.

In January 2005 they publicly announced their separation.

Love at first sight: Soon after his divorce announcement in 2005 Angelina, a UNHCR Goodwill Ambassador and active humanitarian, went to Pakistan and Brad was famously pictured accompanying her

Sparks flying: Brad and Angelina pictured here in Mr And Mrs Smith. They first denied falling in love on the set of the movie but as time went on the pair finally admitted that's where they started falling for one another

They were Hollywood's hottest couple for five years before announcing their divorce in October of 2005.

Soon after that in the Fall of 2005 Angelina, a UNHCR Goodwill Ambassador and active humanitarian, went to Pakistan and Brad was famously pictured accompanying her.

Brad and Angelina first denied they fell in love on the set of Mr And Mrs Smith, but as time went on the pair finally admitted that's where they did start falling for one another.

Fairy-tale no more: They got engaged in 2012 and married in 2014 until Angelina filed for divorce in 2016

Angelina confirmed to People that she was pregnant with Brad's child in 2006.

They famously said they would only get married once it was legal for everyone in the country to marry.

They got engaged in 2012 and married in 2014 until Angelina filed for divorce in 2016 citing irreconcilable differences as the reason for the split.

