www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5396549/Britney-Spears-Sam-Asghari-love-baby.html

Tracy Wright For Dailymail.Com

Britney Spears and Sam Asghari would 'love to have a baby'

She recently celebrated one year of dating her beau with a sweet Instagram photo.

And Britney Spears seems to have more on her mind than just dating Sam Asghari as it's reported the songstress would like to add another child to her little family, according to US Weekly.

An insider told the publication that the 36-year-old hitmaker and her 23-year-old boyfriend have 'talked about having babies together.'

Scroll down for video

New addition? Britney Spears seems to have more on her mind than just dating Sam Asghari as it's reported the songstress would like to add another child to her little family, according to US Weekly; seen on Instagram

'Britney has talked with Sam about having babies together,' the source said. 'She was young when she had Sean and Jayden, and she feels much more mature now.'

The Toxic singer shares her sons with ex-husband Kevin Federline, who she married in 2004 before divorcing three years later.

'She would love to have a baby girl,' the source said.

Love: An insider told the publication that the 36-year-old hitmaker and her 23-year-old boyfriend have 'talked about having babies together'; seen on Instagram

One quality Britney loves about her younger boyfriend is his ability to connect with her kids.

'Sam will skateboard with them around the gated community, play sports and spend a lot of time in the pool,' the source said, adding that 'Squirt gun and water fights are a constant' in their household.

While the performer may have babies on the brain, she doesn't seem too quick to add another marriage under her belt as 'it just doesn’t seem important to her at this point in her life.'

Disney day: One quality Britney loves about her younger boyfriend is his ability to connect with her kids; seen on Instagram

Adorable: While the performer may have babies on the brain, she doesn't seem too quick to add another marriage under her belt as 'it just doesn’t seem important to her at this point in her life'; seen on Instagram

A source revealed that her year-long relationship with the fitness model 'sort of just happened.'

'They were having fun and enjoying each other’s company, but then they fell in love,' the insider said.

The Womanizer singer likely return to Las Vegas in 2019 for another residency at the MGM Park Theater at the Monte Carlo Resort, and it was an easy decision for her to make.

A source said: 'She loves Vegas and the schedule was perfect for her and her kids, so why not continue?'

