www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/kylie-jenner-wont-motherhood-stop-12969001

Vicki Newman, Image, Kyliejenner Instagram, Splash News, Instagram Kyliejenner, Getty

Kylie Jenner won't let motherhood stop her being sexy as she poses for sultry pics in white swimsuit

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Kylie Jenner won't let being a mom stop her being sexy.

The 20-year-old, who shares baby Stormi with boyfriend Travis Scott , proved once and for all that she's still got it as she posed up in nothing but a white swimsuit.

In a pair of pictures she posted on Instagram, Kylie, who recently ditched her lip fillers, gives the camera a sultry gaze as she shows off her curves.

"Good morning," the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star captioned the sexy snaps, and her fans couldn't get enough.

(Image: Splash News)

In the first picture, lip kit mogul Kylie lies on her side in the white swimsuit, which features mesh detailing on the body and mesh sleeves.

She clasps her hands together, revealing a neutral shade on her famous talons, as she stares into the lens.

Her lips are noticeably smaller after she got rid of her fillers and her brunette locks flop over onto the bed with her nude lips and brown eyeshadow giving her a much more natural look.

In the second snap, Kylie lies on her back with her eyes closed and her hands placed on top of her head.

"In love w/ you," one fan commented.

While another said: "Ok these are hot babe "

(Image: Instagram/kyliejenner)

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

"QUEEN," one dubbed her.

And another said: "what a babe!! Loving this look"

It comes after fans came up with some bizarre theories about why she decided to stop getting lip injections to plump up her pout.

Some fans have a wild theory that she's got rid of her fillers and stopped using fake tan in order to look more 'Asian'.

And some trolls think it's because there was some overlap in her relationship with Tyga, who is of Vietnamese descent, and her current boyfriend Travis.

They think that Kylie is trying to make herself look more like Stormi in a bid to stop people questioning who her father is.

(Image: Getty) (Image: kyliejenner/instagram)

One troll wrote on Twitter: "EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT KYLIE 'S HALF ASIAN BABY IS BY TYGA, WHO IS HALF ASIAN..."

Kylie's mum Kris Jenner was forced to swing into action after Tyga took to Snapchat when news of her pregnancy broke, alleging, "hell nah that's my kid."

The couple split in April 2017 but were rumoured to have still been sleeping together around the time she fell pregnant.

But the rumours were dismissed by the famous family as "silly".

And soon afterwards, Tyga backtracked on it.

"I didn’t comment on anything, I didn’t comment on anything, it was a fake story. It’s all a fake story," he told Metro.

