www.vh1.com/news/319821/beyonce-shares-first-photo-of-twins-sir-rumi/

Rondell Conway

Iconic Reveal: Beyoncé Posts the First Photo of Twins Sir and Rumi Carter

We can't deal right now!

Iconic Reveal: Beyoncé Posts the First Photo of Twins Sir and Rumi Carter

Stop us if you’ve heard this one before: Beyoncé broke the internet with an epic reveal that we’ve all been breathlessly waiting for. The Queen has blessed us again. One month after giving birth to twins in Los Angeles, a boy and a girl, Queen Bey posted the first official photo of them to Instagram early Friday morning. Beyhold, the world has finally been introduced to Sir and Rumi Carter.

Beyoncé unveiled the family portrait on the twin’s one-month birthday with the caption.

“Sir Carter and Rumi 1 month today. ??❤️??????????”

The image of Bey holding the precious babies received over 1 million likes within 30 minutes of the unveiling.

While we had a hint about the twins names last month when it was reported the music superstar filed trademark documents with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office the confirmation from Queen Bey, no less, had the BeyHive in a frenzy.

Looks like we're gathering hoes today. A celebration for the twins and a funeral for the haters. pic.twitter.com/iRf756jZwa — Check 4 a neck (@BeyonceMyRoc) July 14, 2017

Wow those twins

I'm in love♥ Happy #beyoncetwins day everyone pic.twitter.com/kzaVe9j3Tp — CHUBBY BUNNY☺ (@DEE_MDLULI) July 14, 2017

Was not ready for #BEYbies ahhh The Queen has struck again! #beyoncetwins Got me like pic.twitter.com/18QHnS0cfg — eileen (@shutterbug1029) July 14, 2017

Beyoncé didn’t stop there. The new mother of three also shared some pics of her killer snapback.

She also shared an adorable photo of her and hubby JAY-Z.

We are not worthy of all this amazingness. Enjoy the first offering as we anticipate more from the this Carter family photoshoot that pretty much has put the world on pause.

How much does Beyoncé love the number 4? We explore all the ways.



