hollywoodlife.com/2016/04/01/kendall-jenner-scott-disick-hooking-up-in-bed-kourtney-kardashian-april-fools/

Beth Shilliday, Senior Evening Writer

Kourtney Kardashian Catches Kendall Jenner In Bed With Scott Disick: Hooking Up?

Scott Disick apparently likes keeping it in the family, because he just got busted in bed with Kourtney Kardashian’s little sister Kendall Jenner! Keep reading to see how this crazy situation went down.

Well what do we have here? Apparently Scott Disick, 32, has his eye on another member of ex Kourtney Kardashian‘s family as he got super intimate and cozy with the 36-year-old’s little sister Kendall Jenner, 20. Hold on a minute, would Kenny really betray her big sister like that with Scott? You’ll never believe why the pair ended up in the sack together!

It’s official, Kourtney is OWNING Snapchat, and her latest story involves high drama with her former love and member of her family. In a series of new videos spliced together by E!, Kourtney walks in to her house and little sis Kylie Jenner, 18, is seen sitting reading her phone as Kourt asks, “Hey Kyles, have you seen Kenny?” to which she responds “I literally just saw her go over there,” as she points to bedrooms down the hallway. Uh oh, what’s down there?!

Kourtney wanders through her beautiful sunlight home before heading towards a big brown door, and upon opening it she finds Kendall in bed with Scott! “Wait, who is she in here with?” Kourtney is overheard saying as she pans the shot in tight to show that it’s Scott’s chest that Kenny is snuggled up next to. Kourt immediately yells “what the…” In the next shot we see her chasing Scott out of her house while yelling “You’re so sick, you’re so inappropriate, like, what is wrong with you?” before Scott yells back “When am I not inappropriate?” and gives their little story the big wrap up by yelling “APRIL FOOLS!” Gotcha!

Hah! We were waiting for the Kardashian/Jenner clan to pull of a big April Fools’ Day joke on the world, and thanks to Kourtney and her amazing Snapchat account, we finally got one! They obviously are making fun of the crazy tabloid rumors that Scott and Kendall have fooled around, so what a hilarious way to make fun of the idea! Get the scoop on Kylie’s feud with Kendall now!

HollywoodLifers, what did you think of Kourtney, Kendall and Scott’s April Fools’ prank?

