radaronline.com/photos/caitlyn-jenner-knee-surgery-health-crisis-high-heel-hell/

Radar Staff, January

Caitlyn Jenner Facing Knee-Replacement Surgery Due To Her High Heel Addiction

Caitlyn Jenner is facing knee-replacement surgery — and it’s largely because the sex-swapping celeb still refuses to give up her It's tough being a girl! Wracked with joint pain,is facing knee-replacement surgery — and it’s largely because the sex-swapping celeb still refuses to give up her beloved stiletto high heels , RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal! “Her doctors beg her to give up her stiletto collection, but she refuses!” spilled a pal. Even though doctors warn high heels are a major cause of knee pain, the 68-year-old plastic princess is willing to try anything aside from ditching the knee-busting footwear. Click through for more on the painful story!

Sources told Radar the retired athlete’s chronic knee pain dates back to her days as a gold medal winner at the 1976 Olympics.

Training to become a world-champion runner, high jumper, long jumper and pole vaulter, an insider said Jenner caused damage to her knees.





“Cait’s paying for it now. Her knees stiffen up and ache,” said the source.

What’s more, the side effects of Jenner’s sex change haven’t helped. As Radar previously reported, the reality starlet has spent $2 million of her reported $100 million fortune on beauty boosters, including plastic surgery.



Unfortunately, extensive liposuction on her tush and thighs has caused pain that shoots down her legs, worsening her knee pain.

“The discomfort is sometimes unbearable,” a source said.

For a while, Caitlyn managed to mask much of the pain with drugs, but the insider said she’s been wisely trying to cut back on them.

Now, although her reps deny it, she’s facing either knee-replacement surgery or — gasp — having to wear flats. And for high heel-loving Jenner, that’s no choice at all!



“Of course, the condition has worsened since Caitlyn began wearing heels full-time,” the pal said.

