www.intouchweekly.com/posts/kourtney-kardashian-justin-bieber-pregnant-baby-123197/photos/kim-kardashian-225350

Amber Belus

Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian Hangs out With Justin Bieber Amid Baby Daddy Drama

You would think the last thing Kourtney Kardashian needs right now is more guy drama — but that didn’t stop the pregnant reality star from stepping out with her former flame Justin Bieber!

In Touch previously reported that the eldest Kardashian sister, 37, is expecting her fourth baby, though it’s unclear whether or not the father is Scott Disick, 33, or boxer-model Younes Bendjima, 23.

MORE: Kim Kardashian Details Robbery in New Police Statement

The two were spotted at The Peppermint Club in Hollywood while LD accompanied Kourt’s sister Kim Kardashian, 36, on her trip to Dubai, where things allegedly went south thanks to Scott’s antics.

“Scott went completely MIA in Dubai and no one knew where he was at. He was supposed to be there to watch over Kim, but no one could find him,” a source told Radar Online. “Scott also told [Kourtney] that he is not Kim’s babysitter and that the reason no one could find him was because he had overslept — ten hours!”

MORE: Baby News for Khloé Kardashian — Click for Details

And we thought he was behaving himself after rekindling his relationship with his baby mama last month.

We first saw Kourtney and Justin, 22, together in December 2015 at The Nice Guy before they enjoyed time together at a karaoke club. She was allegedly seen leaving one of the Biebs’ favorite hotels — the Montage Beverly Hills — at 4 a.m. the following morning.

Kourt’s ex — who is the father of her three children, Mason, 7, Penelope, 4, and Reign, 2, was said to be angry about their hookup, which seemed fine since Kourt “regretted” getting together with the pop star.

“She’s kind of beating herself up for ever getting involved with him in the first place, and not listening to her gut. She really regrets the whole thing,” a source previously told Hollywood Life.

