yournewswire.com/justin-bieber-hollywood-killed-child/

Baxter Dmitry

Justin Bieber: Hollywood Elites Killed My Unborn Child

Justin Bieber told hundreds of people at a Bible study class in Los Angeles that Hollywood elites killed his unborn child and destroyed the relationship he had with the child’s mother, Selena Gomez, as a way of punishing him.

Since finding God last year, Bieber has become a regular at the Bible study class held at the Montage in Beverly Hills and on Wednesday he shared what he called “the worst moment in my life” with the congregation and explained why he had to retire from the music industry.

Telling churchgoers that he will “never go back” to the “evil music industry” until the “pedophiles and monsters at the top of the game are run out of town” and everything is “disinfected with bleach and sunshine,” Bieber explained how Hollywood elites tried to corrupt him.

“They tried so hard to corrupt me,” Bieber said, “because I reached a level they couldn’t control anymore.”

“They tried to destroy me with alcohol and when that didn’t work they tried with drugs – all different kinds. Then when that didn’t work they tried to destroy me with ambition.”

“I was interested at first,” Bieber acknowledged, before saying “but when I realized what the price of admission is in that world, I had to quit.”

“Selena and I were expecting. It was early days and we hadn’t told anyone. At the same time I was being courted by some really powerful people, the most powerful people in Hollywood.”

Describing a top-secret party attended by record industry executives, Bieber said he was shown into a back room where a group of men wearing masks were sitting around the edge of the room, drinking from cups. In the center of the room a dead child was sitting cross-legged, propped up against the back of a chair. It looked like a late-stage fetus and was completely drained of blood.

“The baby’s entire scalp wasn’t there. Its skull had been stripped down to the surface of the bone. Portions of the right side of its undeveloped little face had been torn away. You could see bite marks and bruises all over its tiny body.”

“They were wearing animal masks, sitting around drinking what they called ‘red wine.’ They offered me some. It was obvious that it was really important for them that I got involved.

“I literally gagged at this point. One of them boasted the baby had been alive for eight hours after they started cutting it and draining its blood.”

“When he described the pain the baby went through, he seemed pleased with himself.”

The horrific death described by Bieber to his congregation is called “exsanguination”, otherwise known as completely draining a person of blood. The practice is popular among drinkers of baby blood who consume what they call “red wine” in order to get high on the adrenaline, young hormones, and negative energy they believe is found in the blood of children.

They believe the more a child suffers before its death, the more “enriched” its blood will be upon harvest. Often the child is physically and sexually abused before it is killed in order to create the necessary trauma.

Bieber refused to drink the blood and that is when “everything started going wrong.”

“They threatened me. They said they knew Selena was pregnant. They asked if I wanted my baby to end up like the one in the center of the room.”

“This completely flipped me out and I lost my way for a long time. I went off the rails,” said Bieber, fighting back tears. “They murdered my unborn child. Me and Selena… we were driven apart by these people and the trauma.”

But years have passed since the traumatic episode and Bieber has vowed to protect her and become a family man. Acknowledging rumors that the pair are back together, Bieber even hinted he is set to become a family man.

“They won’t lay a hand on my family so help me God,” he said.

“There are truly evil forces at work in the world. God is real. Satan is real,” Bieber said, before exiting the stand.

These latest allegations from Justin Bieber add to the wave of accusations made by celebrities and musicians about the real nature of the music and entertainment industry elite. Corey Feldman and Elijah Wood have both gone on record exposing the pedophilia at the heart of Hollywood.

According to Elijah Wood, innocent young lives are destroyed to satisfy “people with parasitic interests” who “see you as their prey.” In an interview with the Sunday Times, Wood dropped a series of bombshells about the pedophiles that run the industry, noting that “Clearly something major was going on in Hollywood. It was all organized.”

If you read the Washington Post or watch CNN, pedophilia is not a problem, and those who talk about it are tinfoil hat wearing kooks perpetuating ‘fake news.’ But more and more stars are coming forward with similar stories about the depraved Hollywood system.

In recent months Nicole Kidman, Mel Gibson and Lindsay Lohan have spoken out about pedophilia in Hollywood. Close friends of Chris Cornell and Chester Bennington claim the recently deceased pair were working on exposing the pedophile ring working at the heart of the music industry – and it cost them their lives.

Justin Bieber shocked his fans by cancelling his world tour and announcing that he needed some time away from the music industry. As more information comes to light, it appears he made the best possible decision.

