radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/08/good-charlotte-ticket-sales-struggling-tour-wives-cameron-diaz-nicole-richie-nag-tour/

Radar Staff, August

‘Good Charlotte’ Ticket Sales Struggling After Cameron & Nicole Nag Husbands To Tour

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

‘Good Charlotte’ Barely Selling Tickets After Cameron & Nicole Nag Husbands To Tour Benji & Joel Madden feared they would be ‘laughingstocks!’

Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie nagged their husbands Benji and Joel Madden into going on tour for the first time in years – but they may have been better off staying home! RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal the band is struggling to sell tickets.

The pop punk band is going on a North American tour in support of album “Generation Rx.” Tickets for the general public went on sale on Friday, July 13. After nearly a month of being on sale, the band has struggled to fill seats.

For the November 1 show at the Fillmore Detroit in Detroit, MI, 297 tickets are available, while only 130 tickets were purchased.

Ticket sales are even worse for the November 3 show at 20 Monroe Live in Grand Rapids, MI, as only 116 tickets were sold. A whopping 323 are still available.

For the November 10 show at the Aztec Theatre in San Antonio, Texas, 152 tickets have been sold, with 420 tickets still available.

The November 24 show at the Pearl Concert Theater at Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas, NV have 705 available tickets. Only 381 have been purchased.

This does not include general admission sales.

As Radar previously reported Richie and Diaz “henpecked their husbands into making another album and going on tour.”

The source explained how the wives grew tired of their husbands “raiding the refrigerator” all day.

Tickets sales have been a concern for the band.

“No one cares about Good Charlotte anymore,” the insider said. “The guys are worried they’re going to be a laughingstock.”

Would you buy tickets? Tell us in the comments!

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

