www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2883942/Meg-Ryan-walk-aisle-John-Mellencamp-planning-propose.html

Justin Enriquez For Mailonline

Meg Ryan may walk down the aisle again as 'John Mellencamp is planning to propose'

They only got back together this fall after a brief summer split.

And already Closer magazine is reporting that rocker John Mellencamp is close to popping the question to Meg Ryan.

According to source, the 63-year-old musician is also considering moving to New York City to be closer to the 53-year-old romantic comedy darling.

Scroll down for video

'Megs getting married!': Meg Ryan is on the cover of Closer magazine's latest issue

The weekly's insider said: 'John is willing to move to New York, even though he isn't crazy about the big city. This means the world to her.'

The pair have been dating on and off for four years as their distance has been well publicised to be problematic in their relationship with Meg residing on the East Coast and John living hundreds of miles away in Bloomington, Indiana.

Meg and John have both been married before. The Jack & Diane hitmaker has said 'I do' three times previously. Meg was married to Dennis Quaid.

But it is the When Harry Met Sally... actress who has previously had reservations about another wedding.

The source told Closer: 'At one point in her life, not too long ago, she told all her friends she could never see herself getting married again.'

Putting a ring on it?: According to the weekly publication, John Mellencamp is ready to propose to actress Meg, who he reconciled with this fall

Cute couple: The Sleepless In Seattle actress and 63-year-old musician have dating for four years, as they were recently spotted together while out and about in New York City last month

The source added, 'But her relationship with John has only grown, and she sees how important [marriage] is to him. She's moved off her no marriage position.'

Meg was married to Quaid for a decade as the former couple share actor son Jack Quaid, 22, while John has five children from his three marriages.

As for the proposal, the pal of Meg and John believes that the legendary rock singer-songwriter is sure to charm the actress as the source said: 'John has a big romantic streak.'

The insider added: 'He will come up with something to sweep her off her feet. He loves grand romantic gestures.

Former flame: The 53-year-old star was previously married to actor Dennis Quaid for a decade as they were pictured together at a Los Angeles premiere in December 1998

Leading lady: Meg has played the female love interest in several iconic romantic comedies including her signature role in When Harry Met Sally released in 1989

'A carriage ride through Central Park, a boat cruise around Manhattan - John thinks big when it comes to romance.'

Meg can soon be seen on the big screen again with her Sleepless In Seattle co-star Tom Hanks in the drama Ithaca set for release at the end of 2015.

John will be on the road at the beginning of the year on his Plain Spoken North American Tour featuring several dates throughout the US and Canada from the end of January to early August.

Legend: The Jack & Diane hitmaker has been performing music for nearly 40 years and will embark on yet another tour early next year

