www.news.com.au/entertainment/celebrity-life/hook-ups-break-ups/katie-holmes-and-jamie-foxx-split-after-five-years-together-report/news-story/f04d874df94dcc2c10a8e3c141ce7d80

The Sun

Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx deny split report

A REPORT claiming that super-secretive couple Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes were no longer an item was not true, a representative for Holmes said today.

Actress Katie, 39, was said to have called off their relationship after struggling with trust issues, according to reports circulating today.

But that report was shot down by her rep, in a rare acknowledgment that the pair are actually an item.

“The Radar story is 100 percent untrue,” Leslie Sloane, a representative for Holmes, told PEOPLE.

The couple only went public with their relationship in September last year but were first linked back in August 2013.

Radar Online reported that Dawson’s Creek star Katie called it quits with Jamie after reports he had been dating other women during their time together.

A source is said to have told Radar Online: “Katie just couldn’t get over her trust issues.”

The pair had insisted they were just good friends following Katie’s divorce from Tom Cruise.

Two years ago, Jamie was forced to deny dating Katie when a picture emerged of the two of them holding hands in a recording studio.

Katie was said to have been banned from having a public relationship under the strict terms of her quickie divorce from superstar Tom Cruise.

According to Radar Online, Holmes agreed not to publicly date another man for five years in exchange for US$5.8 million in child support and US$6.2 million payment for herself.

An insider claimed: “Katie signed a clause in her quickie divorce settlement that prevents her from embarrassing Tom in various ways, like talking about him or Scientology, or publicly dating another man for five years after the divorce.

“She’s allowed to date, but she cannot do so in a public fashion, and she’s not supposed to let any boyfriend near their daughter, Suri.”

She was said to have had gone to extraordinary lengths to keep relationship with Jamie a secret.

The Sun has contacted Katie and Jamie’s representatives for comment.

This article originally appeared on The Sun and has been republished with permission.

