hollywoodlife.com/2015/04/15/selena-gomez-miley-cyrus-fight-confrontation-oscar-party/

Alyssa Norwin, Senior Editor

Selena Gomez: Miley Cyrus Publicly Rejects Plea To End Feud

The feud continues between Miley and Selena! Despite the ‘Slow Down’ singer’s attempt to play nice, the former Disney darlings are still at war, a new report claims. Find out how Miley reacted to Selena’s plea that they make up.

Selena Gomez, 22, hoped the 2015 Vanity Fair Oscar Party would be a chance for reconciliation with her old BFF Miley Cyrus, 22 — but the “Wrecking Ball” singer was far from willing to kiss and makeup. Get the scoop on Miley’s public rejection!

Selena Gomez, Miley Cyrus Fight: Miley Rejects Plea To End Feud

At the celeb-filled post-Academy Awards party, Selena hoped she would be able to smooth things over with Miley, who she had a falling out with after staring a relationship with Nick Jonas, 22, Miley’s ex, in 2008. The feud worsened when Miley pulled a similar stunt, hooking up with Selena’s ex, Justin Bieber (and getting pregnant!) while the then-couple was on a break, Life & Style reports.

But, while the 22-year-old was willing to leave the boy drama in the past, Miley wasn’t on-board.

“She approached Miley at the party with a smile on her face to say hello,” a source tells the mag of the VF bash. “But Miley kept the convo short, and then left right after. It seemed like she didn’t want to be around Selena.”

Ouch! Poor Selena — considering she’s still so hung up on Justin, it must have taken a lot for her to try and make nice with Miley.

Perhaps Selena’s willingness to forgive is that she’s already gotten her payback…by having a one-night stand with Miley’s former fiancee, Liam Hemsworth, 25! OMG!

“He bragged about it to his friends. It was just a one-night stand, but Miley had no idea!” the mag’s source claims.

WOW! If Miley wasn’t ready to make up with Selena before, she certainly won’t be after she learns about this! These ladies have to stop letting guys come between them like this!

HollywoodLifers, what do you think of Selena and Miley’s feud? Do you wish they’d kiss and make up…or are they better off not friends?

— Alyssa Norwin

