hellogiggles.com/celebrity/theres-new-theory-khloe-kylie-will-reveal-pregnancies-kardashian-christmas-card/

Olivia Harvey

There's a new theory about how Khloé and Kylie will reveal their pregnancies, and it's the most solid yet

All we want for Christmas is to know whether or not Khloé Kardashian and Kylie Jenner are pregnant. That’s it. That’s literally all we want. The guessing game has exhausted us. Thankfully, according to several sources, we might get our wish via the Kardashian Christmas card (or Kardashian Kristmas Kard, as we like to call it).

We’ve been sitting tight since September when news broke that both sisters are expecting their first babies. But months later, the rumors have yet to be confirmed or denied. Now that we’ve crept into December, it’s beginning to look a lot like the Kardashian’s annual Christmas card may give the confirmation fans have been waiting for.

Writer and Kardashian “expert” Mariah Smith (who helms a column for The Cut called Keeping Up With the Kontinuity Errors), tweeted on Sunday, December 3rd, that the Christmas card “will most likely serve as our Khloe/Kylie pregnancy announcement.”

false

Plus, Kim Kardashian has been teasing bits and pieces of the family’s Christmas card on social media. She announced that she would be sharing a section of the photo shoot each of the 25 days leading up to Christmas — kind of like a digital Kardashian jigsaw puzzle.

Is it crazy to think that day 24 or 25 might act as the pregnancy reveal? We think not.

A source told Us Weekly at the end of November that Khloé would be announcing her pregnancy with beau Tristan Thompson soon. And another source told Hollywood Life back in October that the sisters and their mother, Kris Jenner, were planning to announce the news during the holiday season. The source said:

"The Kardashian Christmas card is something that is very important for Kris Jenner. Kris wants to take everyone’s excitement and use this year’s card to be the reveal of all the pregnancies in the family."

Okay, we’re sold. This has to happen!

DAY 4 pic.twitter.com/i9XNzPhIgZ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) December 4, 2017

What’s more — the Kardashians skipped out on last year’s card and fans were devastated. If we were Kris Jenner, we’d want to make a glorious and memorable comeback after taking a year off from an annual tradition, right? Right?

Of course, this is just one of many theories circulating the internet regarding the rumors. But it seems to hold the most water. Unfortunately, we’re just going to have to wait patiently to know the truth. Christmas can’t come fast enough.

