www.intouchweekly.com/posts/jennifer-aniston-brad-pitt-baby-159670

In Touch Staff

Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt's Baby Plans: They're Ready

“I want to have it all,” Jennifer Aniston declared in 2006 about juggling a career and a family. “The women that inspire me are the ones who have careers and children; why would I want to limit myself? I’ve never in my life said I didn’t want to have children. I did and I do and I will!” Well, here we are over a decade later, and Jen is ready to make that happen… with Brad Pitt!

“The two have grown closer over the last couple of years,” a friend told In Touch exclusively. “His marriage [to Angelina Jolie] fell apart, then her marriage to Justin [Theroux] ended. During that difficult time, Brad and Jen reconnected. It’s like destiny brought them together, and I can definitely see them having a child together.”

Of course, Brad is already a father of six, and admitted that “Being a father has changed me on so many levels and made me more generous and alive.” Jen is 49 and has never had children, so Brad could surely help her through it. “He and Jen have talked about moving in together and giving this another try,” said the insider. “This could all lead to her finally having his baby.” Brad “has babies on the brain. He loves being a dad. It’s a huge part of who he is.”

Because of Jen’s age, the chances of conceiving naturally are extremely slim, “But they would try,” said her pal. If that doesn’t work, they would move on to IVF. “Even if it meant months of trying IVF. When Jen sets her mind to something, she doesn’t stop until she succeeds.” After their long and heartbreaking journey away from and now back to each other, “It’s the blockbuster news that friends, family and fans have been hoping for.”

Of course, the idea infuriates Angie. “It’s the ultimate slap in the face,” said an insider. But they won’t let Angelina stop them, “I think the more they talk about starting a family, the more it makes sense.” (A rep for Jen denied the story, while a rep for Brad had no comment.) “They both have changed over the years and, after much heartache, are at a great place in their lives,” said the friend. “Brad loves the idea of how they’d both come full circle and found each other again. Having a child together seems like the perfect next step.”

They’re different people now, and could give them the chance to right some wrongs. “One of Jen’s greatest regrets is that they never had a baby together when they were married,” said the friend. “Jen and Brad tried midway through their marriage, but she lost the baby and they were heartbroken. She’s been wanting a baby ever since, but it just hasn’t come together for her.”

Jen has decided to sell her $25 million Bel Air mansion (which recently was featured on the cover of Architectural Digest) and plans to move into Brad’s Pacific Palisades home so they can be under one roof. “Jen and Brad are seizing the now-or-never moment. They’re ready.”

Read more about Jen and Brad’s baby plans in this week’s issue of In Touch Weekly, on newsstands now!

