www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/1819402/shock-reports-claim-brad-pitt-had-an-affair-with-co-star-marion-cotillard-behind-anges-back/

Emma Gritt

Shock reports claim Brad Pitt was cheating with co-star Marion Cotillard behind Ange’s back

ANGELINA Jolie reportedly ended her marriage after discovering Brad Pitt was cheating with his co-star according to sensational claims in the US.

The New York Post reports that the 41-year-old hired a private investigator to spy on him on the set of his latest film — where they claim she learned he was cheating.

The "well placed source" told the paper's Page Six section that there is no turning back for the couple - worth £310 million.

6 Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard on set of their new film Credit: Fame Flynet

They said: “She hired a private eye because she felt that he was fooling around with her on the set, and it turns out, he was.

"And that was the final straw."

Pitt had been rumored to have been cozying up to his Allied co-star, 40-year-old Marion Cotillard, in London for months.

If the rumours are true it means history has repeated itself - Brad and Angelina famously fell in love while filming Mr and Mrs Smith in 2004.

At the time he was married to Friends actress Jennifer Aniston.

He and Jolie also had been sparring over their lifestyle, another source said.

She has increasingly wanted to quit Hollywood in favour of devoting herself full-time to her humanitarian work, while Pitt prefers Tinseltown, the source said.

6 The couple filed for divorce today after twelve years together Credit: Reuters

The post continues: “The older she gets, the more serious she becomes, and she is sick of the Hollywood thing.

“He wants to make movies. She doesn’t.

"It’s a fundamental difference. It’s how you live your life.”

6 Angelina wants full custody of their six children Credit: Rex Features

French actress Marion has previously starred in Inception, and won an Oscar in 2007 for her role as Edith Piaf in La Vie en Rose.

She starred alongside Michael Fassbender in the 2015 film adaption of Macbeth.

[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbM88BG9Ae8&w=560&h=315]

Today The Sun revealed that Angelina is seeking physical custody of the couple’s six children – Maddox, 15, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, Pax, 12 and eight-year-old twins, Knox and Vivienne.

Maddox, Zahara and Pax were adopted from orphanages in Cambodia, Ethiopia and Vietnam, respectively, while the remaining three are their biological children.

6 Brad was married to Jennifer Aniston when he met and fell in love with Angelina on the set of Mr and Mrs. Smith Credit: Reuters

The Tomb Raider star doesn’t want Brad to have joint physical custody, just joint legal custody, meaning he would get visitation rights only.

Latest in TV and Showbiz TAT'S NEW Miley Cyrus shows off new ‘freedom’ tattoo after her divorce from Liam Hemsworth WHEEL DONE! Wheel Of Fortune fans praise Vanna White as she steps in for host Pat Sajak LATEST GOSSIP Celebrity News - I'm A Celebrity, Corrie, Piers Morgan and Juice Wrld BUSTED Empire star Amanda Detmer arrested for DUI after 'drunkenly smashing car into pole' Exclusive PROUDEST HOUR Kristin Scott Thomas moved to tears by her war hero grandad's D-Day bravery SISTER ACT Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco will star alongside sister in new series SWITCHING OFF BBC in crisis over fears young viewers are abandoning channels for rivals KITT SPLIT David Hasselhoff reveals he sold his Knight Rider car to a crying man for £150k 'I AM FINE' RHOBH’s Brandi Glanville calls herself 'the most fun person' after drug claim verity nice Hollyoaks’ first look at Tony Hutchinson’s evil sister Verity in Later debut

Ange has hired Laura Wasser, who previously represented Johnny Depp in his divorce case with Amber Heard.

The documents list the date of separation as Sept. 15, 2016.

The couple were married in August 2014 but have been together since 2004.

The couple were last seen in July, when they were seen looking at ease in a supermarket with their son, Knox.

6 The last picture of the couple was taken in July Credit: Xposure

Earlier today copies of the divorce papers were released, and show that Angelina filed citing 'irreconcilable differences'.

It's not her first trip to the divorce court either - she was previously married to Billy Bob Thornton.

6 A copy of papers filed at Los Angeles Superior Court by Angelina Jolie Credit: Reuters

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220

