www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4639014/Brad-Pitt-Sienna-Miller-cosy-Glastonbury-party.html

Joanna Crawley For Mailonline

Brad Pitt and Sienna Miller 'cosy up at Glastonbury party'

Back in April Sienna Miller hit out at speculation she was enjoying a secret romance with Brad Pitt.

But two months later the rumour mill is churning again amid reports the two stars got cosy during a VIP party at the Glastonbury music festival over the weekend.

Both Sienna and Brad were among the A-list contingent who descended on the UK's Somerset event for a weekend of music, but according to The Sun, the two also enjoyed each other's company.

A-list romance? Back in April Sienna Miller hit out at speculation she was enjoying a secret romance with Brad Pitt. But two months later the rumour mill is churning again amid reports the two stars got cosy during a VIP party at the Glastonbury music festival over the weekend

According to the paper the stars were seen holding hands and stroking each other as they partied with mutual pals including Bradley Cooper and Noel Gallagher in the early hours of Saturday.

The report claims Sienna and Brad met up at 3am in the festival's Rabbit Hole area where onlookers spied them looking very cosy.

A source claims: 'Brad and Sienna couldn't keep their hands off each other, touching and stroking each other at every opportunity. They seemed really intimate.'

'Intimate': Both Sienna and Brad were among the A-list contingent who descended on the UK's Somerset event for a weekend of music

The insider added that Brad, who up until then was keeping a low profile at the world famous festival, looked delighted to meet up with Sienna, explaining:

'They seemed keen to get away from prying eyes and made a dash for the Rabbit Hole, the festival's underground and exclusive venue, with a group of friends and were inseparable as they waited to go inside.

'The party was cut short and they had to leave after five minutes because the venue was closing. Bradley Cooper left and Brad and Sienna headed back arm in arm to their private Winnebego.'

Party girl: Sienna headed to Glasto with her pals including Poppy Delevingne but according to a new report she met up with Brad in the early hours of Saturday

Another onlooker told Daily Star Online: 'Brad and Sienna were looking very cosy. I couldn't believe it - they were kissing in the VIP section of the Rabbit Hole.'

A representative for Brad declined to comment when approached by MailOnline. Sienna's representatives have also been contacted.

Back in April Sienna lashed out at 'silly' reports claiming she was spotted flirting with Brad, who is in the midst of divorcing Angelina Jolie.

The 35-year-old Brit insisted she would not 'dignify it with a response', in an interview with the New York Post just days after Page Six claimed the duo enjoyed a dinner date in Los Angeles.

Bachelor life: Brad has been enjoying single life as he attended Glastonbury with pals including Bradley Cooper

Music fan: Brad was seen checking out the weekend's acts side of stage on Friday

Having previously dated her Alfie co-star Jude Law and and enjoyed a 'brief' encounter with Layer Cake's Daniel Craig, she conceded that the Brad reports were 'predictable', as his production company is behind her new movie The Lost City of Z.

Page Six reported that Sienna and Brad were reportedly seen getting flirty in LA, after which they attended the premiere of The Lost City Z separately but insiders claim at a dinner after the screening the pair got close.

Brad, whose company Plan B is behind the film, was said to be doing some 'serious flirting' while surrounded by about 25 people. A source told Page Six: 'They were heavily enjoying each other's company and 'they were talking to each other all night.'

Rendezvous: The report claims Sienna met up with Brad at 3am in the festival's Rabbit Hole area where onlookers spied them looking very cosy

It was claimed that soon to be divorced Brad seemed to perk up after the interaction with Sienna as he was 'in very high spirits, which he hasn't been for a long time. He seems to be over a hump'.

Shortly after the reports emerged, Sienna spoke to The New York Post, where she vehemently denied the reports - insisting she would not entertain the prospect. She said: 'I'm not going to even dignify it with a response. It's predictable and silly'.

Prior to her denial, another source close to Sienna downplayed the possible flirtation and said the pair were part of a larger group so there were a lot of conversations going on throughout the night.

Party people; Sienna, a new recruit to Instagram, shared a snap of her swish ride to the festival on Friday with her pals

Back when the movie was filming, Sienna was forced to deny that there was another going on with a then-very married Brad.

She called a suggestion they were flirting 'insane' on Sway In The Morning on SiriusXM's Shade 45. The star said: 'The brilliant thing about that rumor is that yeah I haven't really read too much about it.

'So this is the truth about that, Brad Pitt is producing the movie that I just wrapped but I didn't see him, he's not been to the set. You know he's the producer of the film and I've met him twice - it's insane.'

Meanwhile according to New Idea, Elle Macpherson has also been spotted cosying up to actor Brad during a recent rendezvous in Hollywood.

Another rumour: Meanwhile according to New Idea, Elle Macpherson has also been spotted cosying up to actor Brad during a recent rendezvous in Hollywood

'They definitely seemed cosy together, like a couple on an intimate date,' the publication's source claimed on Monday.

'She was touching his arm a lot and flicking her hair over her shoulder,' the onlooker said of the 53-year-old supermodel, adding: 'There was a lot of flirting going on.'

It appears Brad, 53, also enjoyed the Australian bombshell's company during their meeting at the LA nightclub.

'He was laughing at everything she said and leaning in really close,' the source claimed.

The pair first met on the set of Friends in 1999, while Brad was still married to Jennifer Aniston, who also starred on the sitcom.

Reports of the genetically-blessed pair's meet-up comes just weeks after Elle supposedly split from billionaire property developer Jeffrey Soffer.

The mother-of-two and her sons Flynn, 19, and Aurelius, 14, are said to have moved out of the Miami mansion they previously shared with the 44-year-old billionaire.

