www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/maddox-jolie-pitt-now-153900

Life, Style Magazine

Maddox Jolie-Pitt Now — Brangelina's Oldest Rejects the Spotlight

As her divorce from Brad Pitt drags on, Angelina Jolie has been bringing her kids on the red carpet. However, her oldest son Maddox Jolie-Pitt has been noticeably absent from the last two major events — and it seems he would prefer it that way.

Sources are revealing exclusively to Life & Style that Maddox, now 16, is rejecting the spotlight and does not want to follow in his famous parents’ footsteps. “Maddox hates the glitz and glamour that comes with being a Hollywood star,” the insider says. “He doesn’t really like attending any kind of showbiz event. He’ll make a brief appearance if he has to, but celeb events aren’t his thing.”

Maddox recently worked with his mom on her last movie First They Killed My Father — but he remained behind the camera as an executive producer. “[She’s] fun, funny, and easy to work with. She’s a wonder,” he told People magazine. “I was trying to help wherever I could. That meant being a part of meetings, helping with the script, preparing shoots, and reviewing dallies.”

Angelina, who also shares kids Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 11, and nine-year-old twins Knox and Vivienne with her estranged husband, would love Maddox to join her on the red carpet but is not pressuring the teen. “He finds it all pretentious,” the insider adds. “Maddox wants to lead as normal a life as possible.”

Angelina and Brad split nearly two years ago, but it is being reported that the couple is still struggling to come to a custody agreement. “They had been diligently going along privately and amicably, trying to keep the focus on the family,” an insider told In Touch. “But suddenly, Angelina reversed course when she felt Brad was pushing too hard to resolve the situation to his benefit.” Hopefully, the couple reaches an agreement soon — for the kids’ sake.

For more exclusive celebrity news, be sure to pick up the latest issue of Life & Style magazine, on newsstands now.

