metro.co.uk/2017/09/29/kim-kardashian-is-couldnt-be-more-happy-for-pregnant-sister-khloe-after-lamar-odom-heartbreak-6964578/

Claire Eaton-Rutter

Kim Kardashian ‘couldn’t be more happy for pregnant sister Khloe’

Kim tells Khloe the news (Picture: E!)

Kim Kardashian is excited for her younger sister Khloe’s baby news after it was revealed that the star is expecting her first child with boyfriend Tristan Thompson.

Khloe, who tried to have a baby with ex-husband Lamar Odom during their doomed marriage, is finally going to start the family of her dreams and Kim is there to support her.

‘Kim loves Tristan, so she is super supportive,’ a source told Us Weekly.

‘She couldn’t be more happy for the family.’

Kim, 36, and her husband Kanye West are expecting their third baby via a surrogate, but the reality star is excited to watch the how family grow.

‘Kim can’t wait to be an aunt again. She knows most of her sisters want big families and that is exactly what seems to be happening. She loves witnessing the family blossom,’ she said.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Kanye West and Kim Kardashian West (Picture: GC Images)

Kim confirmed her baby news after posting on Twitter a clip for the upcoming 14th season of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

In the clip, she can be seen FaceTiming Khloe before she asks: ‘What happens every time I say, “Guess what?”‘

‘Pregnant, or the person’s pregnant, Khloé responds before Kim excitedly tells her: ‘We’re having a baby!’

To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video

‘Kim had been looking for a surrogate for months until recently when she found the perfect candidate,’ a source previously revealed when it was alleged that their surrogate was pregnant.

‘Given her health scares in the past, Kim felt the need to hire a surrogacy agency that helped serve as the liaison in finding a healthy woman who would be a great surrogate option for her and Kanye. Both of them have been super involved in the process.’

Kim tells Khloe the news (Picture: E!)

Kim and Kanye married in 2014; they have a son, Saint, and a four-year-old daughter called North.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Kim has always said that she wanted a big family however her health complications have meant that she’s unable to have a third baby naturally; she suffered with placenta accreta, where the placenta grows into the muscle of the uterus, in past pregnancies.

The reveal on Thursday plays into a big Kardashian fan theory which suggested that, in good Kardashian fashion, they were hoping to drive up ratings of their hit reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians by refusing to comment on the pregnancies and instead use the upcoming new season to confirm them.

Theory? Meet conclusion.

MORE: Kim Kardashian ‘jewellery heist mastermind sends star apology letter’ after gunpoint robbery

MORE: Kim Kardashian, Jenny McCarthy and Mark Hamill lead tributes to Playboy founder Hugh Hefner

