metro.co.uk/2018/08/22/nicole-kidman-is-unrecognisable-as-she-undergoes-gritty-makeover-for-destroyer-7869333/

Mel Evans

Nicole Kidman is unrecognisable as she undergoes gritty makeover for Destroyer

Nicole has bagged another Best Actress award Picture: Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)

Actress Nicole Kidman is barely recognisable as the first glimpse of her gritty makeover for upcoming film destroyer has been revealed.

Normally sporting long blonde locks, the Moulin Rouge star is seen in a scene from her new film Destroyer, in which she plays LAPD detective Erin Bell.

And it’s quite the departure from the Kidman we’re used to seeing on the red carpet.

The star is sat with a dark, choppy wig, no glamourous makeup and a plain top as she stares off into the distance.

Kidman’s new role is bound to be compelling (Picture: Annapurna Pictures)

She’s sporting weathered bags under her eyes, with a stern look of worry etched across her face.

In the upcoming movie, Nicole’s character is traumatised after going undercover in a criminal gang, which might explain the vibe we’re seeing here.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Furthermore, Destroyer’s director Karyn Kusama told Vanity Fair she wanted Kidman’s character’s trauma to be shown in her appearance, 20 years after initially going undercover.

‘We always knew that what we wanted her to look like was a real middle-aged woman with a past that she wears on her face,’ she said.

‘With sun damage and sleep deprivation and stress and rage, just in her whole physical body.’

Kusama added Kidman isn’t the biggest fan of such drastic makeover, so they had to be quick with their work for her character.

She said: ‘Ironically, she also hates being in the makeup chair. She just wants to be on set working. So we had to make it as short an application as possible.’

It’s not the first time Kidman has undertaken a massive makeover for a role, after she donned prosthetics to play tortured author Virginia Woolf in The Hours.

That role won her the Academy Award for Actress in a Leading Role, so who knows that doors this latest venture might open up.

Meanwhile, Kidman has just wrapped filming on the second season of Big Little Lies.

Addressing her 1.7million followers, she said: ‘That’s a wrap on #BigLittleLies Season 2 filming! What a beautiful journey this has been with my Monterey 5 sisters and our passionate dedicated crew.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘Thank you HBO for the amazing opportunity and thank you Andrea Arnold for being our fearless leader, and of course the one and only Meryl Streep for believing in us. I love you all. xx’

Most of the original cast is expected to return including Reese Witherspoon, Nicole, Shailene, Zoe Kravitz and Laura Dern. Adam Scott has also confirmed that he will return as Madeline’s husband, Ed.

And we cannot wait.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman reveal filming for Big Little Lies 2 has officially wrapped up

MORE: Does Reese Witherspoon’s ‘twin’ body double hint at Big Little Lies drama?

