celebrityinsider.org/angelina-jolie-is-getting-ready-for-expensive-halloween-party-and-brad-pitt-will-be-there-80383/

Mel Walker

Angelina Jolie Is Getting Ready For Expensive Halloween Party And Brad Pitt Will Be There

Angelina Jolie goes by the philosophy that money is no object, and has decided to spend big on an upcoming Halloween party.

It seems that Brad Pitt has been invited to the bash.

Most parents buy candies, few fake spider webs, creepy window stickers and costumes, and voila — you have a Halloween event for your kids. Not Jolie.

The Oscar-winning actress will be forking over thousands of dollars to make Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Knox, and Vivienne happy.

A source spoke to Us Weekly and explained that Jolie had hired professional set and costume designers to drastically transform her home for the party that all Hollywood will be talking about.

The insider went on to say: “She is completely redoing the house and really going all out!”

According to Hollywood Life, Pitt will be at the event and is even expected to go trick-or-treating with his youngest children.

The person familiar with the story said: “Angie invited Brad to go trick-or-treating with the kids next week. She knows how much he loved going out with the kids during the one holiday where they could all be disguised and blend in with regular people, so Angie invited Brad to join her and the kids. Brad has been through a lot this year, and Angelina knows that he will forever be a part of the kids lives so why not invite him along? Brad will be at the kids’ graduations, weddings or other major life events so Angie figures they need to learn how to spend time together for the sake of the kids.”

The source went on to reveal: “But Brad is not having it and has not given her a clear answer. He has been busy working a lot and is leaning towards not participating in the trick-or-treating with the kids and his ex. He has his fun stuff planned with the kids to celebrate Halloween, and they do not include Angelina. He is not in a place where he wants to spend time with her right now.”

Advertisement

Fans hope that Jolie and Pitt will be able to put their differences aside for the children.

