www.mediaite.com/print/no-in-touch-megyn-kelly-is-not-replacing-matt-lauer-on-today/

Aidan Mclaughlin Is The Editor Of Mediaite., Send Tips Via Email

No, In Touch, Megyn Kelly is Not Replacing Matt Lauer on Today

Gossip Cop today debunked a tabloid cover story claiming that Megyn Kelly is replacing Matt Lauer on NBC’s Today show.

In Touch’s latest cover features a headline screaming “Shakeup At The ‘Today Show’: Matt Replaced By Megyn,” along with a dubious story alleging betrayal and backstabbing between the two television heavy-hitters.

Yet the piece “appears to be wholly manufactured by the publication,” according to Mediaite‘s sister site Gossip Cop.

What’s more, the tabloid offers up some fairly outrageous evidence to support its story, claiming Kelly showed up Lauer by nabbing a joint interview with President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin. It’s fairly safe to assume Trump will not be joining Putin on a love seat for for a tell-all with Megyn Kelly anytime soon, as much as we would like to will that into existence.

Lauer, Gossip Cop reports, will continue to be the face of Today and a key fixture at NBC News despite the arrival of Kelly, which is currently slated for June.

From the report:

The notion that Lauer has been “replaced,” says an extremely well-placed NBC News insider, is “totally false.” And as for the contention that there will be a joint Putin and Trump interview, and that it will be conducted by Kelly, our impeccable source calls it “laughable.”

In Touch has published a number of demonstrably false stories touting a feud between Lauer and Kelly, including another cover story from February alleging Lauer was going to be “dumped” at the Today show in favor of the former Fox News star.

Last September, when she was still at Fox, Kelly––who said she’s friends with Lauer and respects him a lot––defended him after he got criticism in the liberal media for not being tough enough on Donald Trump during that NBC News presidential forum.

Have a tip we should know? [email protected]

