www.vanityfair.com/style/2016/09/ryan-gosling-eva-mendes-married

Condé Nast, Lauren Le Vin

Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes Did Not Get Married [Updated]

Update (September 21, 2:50 P.M.): A source close to the couple tells VF.com that the report they are married is false.

The original post continues below.

When one celebrity marriage ends, another begins (that’s how that saying goes, right?). Fresh off the news that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are getting divorced—which you might have heard; it was written up in a few periodicals yesterday and will possibly be covered today as well—Us Weekly is reporting that notoriously private couple Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes are married. Not only did they allegedly tie the knot, they may have done so earlier this year. They’re newlyweds, and have been for quite some time.

“Multiple sources reveal in the new issue of Us Weekly” that Gosling and “his love of five years, Eva Mendes, quietly tied the knot earlier this year among a small group of family and friends.” Another source goes on to say that, “Eva and Ryan have always felt like a married couple. . . . They are infatuated with each other.”

Anonymous sources live for getting Shakespearean-sonnet levels of romantic when describing two people’s love for one another. We assume Us cut the part where the source compared Mendes and Gosling’s love to a summer’s day, saying it’s more lovely and more temperate.

Gosling and Mendes have always been extremely private about their relationship. They met on the set of 2012’s The Place Beyond the Pines and have since had two daughters together. They welcomed Esmeralda Amada in September 2014 and Amada Lee in April 2016.

“All of them are doing amazing. I’m a lucky man; they really make me better,” Gosling recently told Us Weekly at TIFF when asked about his life with Mendes and their two daughters. No one thought to ask, “Hey, Ryan, did you by any chance get married this year?,” though, so for that, we’ll have to rely on TMZ to get his tax returns. Just kidding, TMZ; please do not track down Ryan Gosling’s taxes. We’re content with this report from Us Weekly about the mere idea that he and Mendes might be married right now, because Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are working towards the legal dissolution of theirs.

VF.com has reached out to representatives for Gosling and Mendes and will update this story when more information becomes available.

