www.biography.com/people/orlando-bloom-13539962



Orlando Bloom

Orlando Bloom is a popular British actor and heartthrob known for his roles in 'The Lord of the Rings' and 'Pirates of the Caribbean' films.

Who Is Orlando Bloom? Born on January 13, 1977, in Canterbury, England, Orlando Bloom studied acting as a child before he was cast as the heroic Legolas in Peter Jackson's film adaptation of The Lord of the Rings trilogy. Bloom also found major success starring in three films of the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise with Johnny Depp. He's landed other roles in big-screen fare, including Troy, Elizabethtown and The Three Musketeers. Orlando Bloom (Photo: WireImage)

Movies

'The Lord of the Rings' Days before his graduation, Bloom was cast in Peter Jackson's adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy trilogy, The Lord of the Rings. The first film of the trilogy, 2001's The Fellowship of the Ring, was a huge blockbuster and critical success. Bloom went on to perform in the two Ring follow-ups; he plays Legolas Greenleaf, a long-haired immortal elf who balances refinement and wisdom with sharp archery and camaraderie, throughout the popular film series. 'The Pirates of the Caribbean' Franchise After garnering a noted role in Black Hawk Down (2001), another big part was on the horizon for Bloom. In 2003 he starred as the sensitive Will Turner in the Disney action/adventure The Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, alongside Keira Knightley and Johnny Depp. Pirates marked another huge world blockbuster for Bloom, who would go on to star in the next two sequels of the franchise: Dead's Man Chest (2006) and At World's End (2007).

'Troy,' 'Elizabethtown' Bloom continued doing period work, playing Paris in the 2004 film Troy, which also stars Brad Pitt and Eric Bana. The following year, the actor was featured as a leading man in two films: Ridley Scott's Crusades epic Kingdom of Heaven and Cameron Crowe's drama Elizabethtown (both released in 2005). Then, in 2006, Bloom appeared with actress Zoe Saldana in the thriller Haven, which he also co-produced. In between his more high-profile Hollywood work, Bloom has starred in indie fare like Ned Kelley (2003) and New York, I Love You (2009). Additionally, in 2007, he returned to the stage for a London revival of In Celebration. 'The Three Musketeers,' 'The Hobbit' Another cape-and-sword opportunity arose for Bloom when he was cast in a 2011 update of The Three Musketeers, which failed to catch hold at the U.S. box office. The actor then returned to working with Jackson, reprising his role as Greenleaf for portions of The Hobbit film trilogy, the first installment of which was released in December 2012: The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. Bloom reprised his role as Will Turner for a fifth time in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017) and showed his sense of humor in the Andy Samberg-led mockumentary Tour de Pharmacy, playing the character Juju Pepe. In 2018 he starred in the British-Chinese thriller action flick S.M.A.R.T. Chase. 'Carnival Row' Bloom pivoted from the big screen to the streaming service market with the August 2019 debut of Netflix's Carnival Row. The series has him playing Rycroft "Philo" Philostrate, a detective who investigates crimes in a city populated by people and mythological-type humanoids.

