www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4011008/Russell-Crowe-breaks-silence-relationship-Terri-Irwin-SLAMS-speculation-pair-planning-tie-knot.html

Chloe-Lee Longhetti, Bianca La Cioppa For Daily Mail Australia

Russell Crowe breaks his silence on his 'relationship' with Terri Irwin

Russell Crowe has finally broken his silence on his rumoured romance with Terri Irwin.

The 52-year-old Hollywood star took to Twitter to slam bizarre reports that the pair were planning to marry, after her reps shut down the rumours.

Russell tweeted to his more than 2.2 million followers: 'I have such a dramatic life in bulls**t magazines.'

Scroll down for video

'I have such a dramatic life in bulls**t magazines': Russell Crowe has finally broken his silence on his rumoured romance with Terri Irwin (he's pictured in Rome in May)

Saying it how it is: The 52-year-old Hollywood star took to Twitter to slam bizarre reports

'Last week New Idea magazine said I was getting married, now Woman's Day (sic) saying the weddings off,' Russell added.

It comes after Woman's Day reported this week that Terri and Russell's rumoured wedding was 'off' so that she can focus on her children, Bindi, 18, and Robert, 13.

But according to the publication, Terri, 52, still 'loves' the Gladiator actor.

Coming out swinging! The actor slammed recent reports in New Idea and Woman's Day (he is seen here in 2007 at a Los Angeles event with Terri, middle, and Naomi Watts, right)

Fed up: 'Last week New Idea magazine said I was getting married, now Woman's Day (sic) saying the weddings off,' Russell added

Speculation: It comes after Woman's Day reported this week, that Terri and Russell's rumoured wedding was 'off,' so that she can focus on her children, Bindi, 18, and Robert, 13

'Of course she loves Russell - they've been friends for a long time,' a source told the magazine.

'But I think talk of a wedding is premature to say the least,' they said, adding her priority is to look after her children.

They added a relationship could happen one day but for now, 'it's the love of two friends who like and respect each other.'

A representative for Terri told Daily Mail Australia on Monday, that she and Russell are just friends.

Hitting back: A representative for Terri told Daily Mail Australia on Monday, that she and Russell are just friends

'There is no romantic link at all between Terri and Russell. Once again, these reports are completely false,' they said.

Last month, New Idea claimed Terri and Russell - both aged 52 - are talking marriage as their alleged relationship heated up.

According to the magazine, the pair were set to go public with their romance because the mother-of-two didn't 'want to hide it any longer'.

A source close to Terri reportedly told the magazine: 'You can totally tell they're into each other and have been for a very long time.'

'Obviously Russ has been through a lot of pain because of how much he loved Danielle and Terri relates to that because she's struggled to find anyone who's matched up to Steve.

Claims of wedding bells: Last month, New Idea claimed Terri and Russell - both aged 52 - are talking marriage as their alleged relationship heated up

'This is a big reason they're so compatible - they're on the same wavelength about never expecting to find true love again,' the source explained.

They added the couple have spoken about tying the knot in a 'small and intimate' wedding in late 2018.

An Australian Zoo representative laughed off the rumours, telling Daily Mail Australia: 'All of these reports are completely false.

'Terri and Russell are not dating and are certainly not planning a wedding.'

This isn't the first time the pair have been linked to one another.

Family: Russell is seen here with ex and mother of his children, Danielle Spencer

Rumour mill: In May, New Idea again reported an 'insider close to the actor' claiming the couple were unable to 'fight their love any longer' (Terri is seen here with late husband Steve Irwin)

In May, New Idea again reported an 'insider close to the actor' claiming the couple were unable to 'fight their love any longer.'

But at the time, an Australian Zoo spokesperson laughed off the reports, saying: 'She'll be flattered!

'Russell Crowe is a long-time friend of the Irwin family and has been for many years, [but] the report that Terri and Russell are romantically linked is simply untrue.'

The story also claimed that neighbours have seen Russell 'half-naked' on the balcony of the wildlife warrior's $3.2 million home on the Sunshine Coast, even waving to locals as they pass.

'The truth is, they're both at similar stages of their lives and have so much in common - kids, looking for love, big careers.

'It was only a matter of time before they fell in love,' claimed the source.

