heatworld.com/celebrity/news/caitlyn-jenner-celebrity-big-brother/



Is CAITLYN JENNER going into Celebrity Big Brother?

Is CAITLYN JENNER going into Celebrity Big Brother?

©

Wowzas

Celebrity Big Brother are apparently willing to 'break the bank' in order to get Caitlyn Jenner on the next series of the show that's set to air later this year.

Caitlyn touched down in London town last week to promote her to promote her juicy new autobiography The Secrets Of My Life (she even popped by the This Morning studios) and many are speculating whether she had a secret meeting with Celebrity Big Brother bosses.

Sources have told the Daily Star: "The bookers are really keen to have Caitlyn in the house.

"They know she’d be TV gold so they’re prepared to break the bank for her. The world has been fascinated by Caitlyn’s story and getting her would push ratings through the roof."

Well, they're not wrong there.

Caitlyn is no stranger to reality telly – she's starred in Keeping Up With The Kardashians since forevs, and even had her own show I Am Cait – and after proof that the Kardashian/Jenner family feud is still rife, this could be the perfect opportunity for her to set the record straight.

She even recently revealed that she hasn't spoken to Kim Kardashian in a 'very long time'.

"I love Kimberly, I think she's a wonderful person," Caitlyn said on Australia's Today show.

"But, well, to be honest with you, I really haven't talked to her in a long time. I've kind of let everything calm down. So I kind of stay, you know, I keep my distance. I'm out there trying to make a difference in the world. There's a lot of drama in the Kardashian family."

And staying loyal to her momager, Kim didn't hold back during a recent interview with Ellen DeGeneres and even implied that Caitlyn was lying about the things she had said about Kris in her memoir.

"My heart breaks for my mom, you know, because I feel like she’s been through so much and Caitlyn is promoting this book and she’s saying all these things.

"I don’t think it’s necessary and I just feel like it’s unfair, things aren’t truthful."

