radaronline.com/videos/jennifer-lawrence-breakdown-stress-overworked/

Radar Staff, December

Falling Apart! Scary New Signs Burnt-Out Jennifer Could Be Headed For A Breakdown

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Falling Apart! Scary New Signs Burnt-Out Jennifer Could Be Headed For A Breakdown

Falling Apart! Scary New Signs Burnt-Out Jennifer Could Be Headed For A Breakdown

Falling Apart! Scary New Signs Burnt-Out Jennifer Could Be Headed For A Breakdown Lawrence is 'desperate to take a year off acting' after strip club scandal.

Burnt-out Jennifer Lawrence could be headed for a breakdown on the heels of her explosive strip club scandal, RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively.

Pals fear J-Law’s had enough of the limelight and is “desperate to take a year off acting.”

Despite her desires for a much needed break, sources claim “deep down she knows she can’t have one.”

“Jennifer still has two major movies to promote next year [Red Sparrow and X-Men: Dark Phoenix] but she’s got nothing scheduled after that,” snitches the informant, adding “For the first time she will have many months in a row off.”

However, as desperately as she needs this, her handlers are said to be pressuring her to read scripts and churn out more movies!

“She’s tired and burnt out,” the insider reveals to Radar. “She wants to work on her personal life – and maybe date somebody who’s NOT in showbiz because none of her other relationships with famous men have worked out.”

It appears J-Law has been headed in a downward spiral since RadarOnline.com released world exclusive footage of America’s sweetheart cutting loose like a low-rent go-go dancer in a Euro-trash strip club: riding a stripper pole, spanking herself with dollar bills and SO much more!

The show-stopping footage was filmed on April 27 at the Beverly Hills Club in Vienna, Austria while in town filming the spy caper Red Sparrow.

Friends of the actress fear she’s expressing scary signs of a breakdown. Before long, “Jennifer seemed drunk, crawling on all fours around the stage and bending over for men to ogle,” said the eyewitness of the bombshell strip club encounter.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

