www.instyle.com/news/justin-theroux-rumored-dating-history-girlfriends

Isabel Jones

Justin Theroux Isn't Dating 9 Different Women—Leave Him Alone

It’s been three-and-a-half months since Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston revealed they’d split at the end of 2017. And since then, the Leftovers star has been pretty busy hunting for his new bae—according to the media, at least.

With the end of a high-profile relationship like Jen and Justin’s, rumors are par for the course, but the speculation surrounding Theroux is next level—especially considering that his counterpart, Aniston, hasn’t been romantically linked to anyone except for ex-husband Brad Pitt (and c’mon guys, that’s way too easy).

Since announcing their split, Theroux has been linked to not one, but nine (9) different ladies (and one man), and surprise, surprise, most of the claims are ridiculous.

In case you haven’t had time to pore over each and every outlandish report, we’ve done it for you. Behold, the complete history of Justin’s rumored post-Jen dating life.

Image zoom Getty Images

Chloe Harstein

Not two weeks post-split, rumors spread that Justin was dating his stylist Chloe Harstein. However, the rumors were just that: rumors. Theroux’s reps confirmed to Gossip Cop that “nothing is going on” between the colleagues.



Alexa Chung

Soon after his and Jen’s split, news broke that not only were he and Alexa Chung dating, but they were planning to have kids! Don’t worry, this one got absolutely no traction after the initial reports.



Petra Collins

One of the first, and perhaps the most viable of Theroux’s rumored love interests, is 25-year-old Petra Collins. The Canadian artist/model/photographer and bestie to Selena Gomez (see below) has been spotted with the actor several times over the last few months, and even made a cameo on his Instagram feed just one week prior to his and Jen’s announcement. Despite it all, sources insist Petra and Justin “are friends.”

Aubrey Plaza

The Parks and Recreation star was spotted out with Theroux in late March, naturally sparking rumors of a romance. This particular strain of gossip died out quickly, though—Plaza is reportedly still dating longtime boyfriend Jeff Baena, and a source told People that she and Justin only met to “discuss a potential film project.” Case closed.



Selena Gomez

Like Sel’s pal Petra, she and Theroux are friends—the kind that hang out in public and occasionally even crop up in each other’s Instagram feeds. Questionable sources have maintained that Sel and the other Justin are “falling for each other,” but we’re really not getting that vibe. Plus, she and Jen Aniston go way back.

Emma Stone

Image zoom Bertrand Rindoff Petroff/Getty Images

Everyone is working really hard to make Emma Stone and Justin Theroux happen. The pair co-star in Netflix’s upcoming series Maniac and sometimes hang out in bathing suits/at exclusive after-parties, but Theroux is the first to admit that they’re “Bffffffs. JUST bfffffs.” (Plus, there are also rumors that Stone and her ex, Andrew Garfield, are heating up again.)

Image zoom Instagram/justintheroux

Laura Harrier

Harrier has also logged some swimsuit-clad hours with Theroux (in France, no less), but a source recently told Entertainment Tonight that he and the Spiderman star aren’t an item—in fact, he’s not in a relationship at all. “Justin is not in a relationship,” they revealed. “He’s super social and loves meeting new people and collaborating on ideas with friends. These days he’s been spending time with friends and family.”

RELATED: Justin Theroux's Latest Rumored Love Interest Isn't Who You'd Expect

Jonathan Van Ness

Image zoom Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images

Despite the flirty nature of the Queer Eye star’s Insta story with Theroux and Stone, again, “JUST bfffffs.”

Olivia Munn

Image zoom SMXRF/Star Max/Getty Images

InTouch received an “insider” tip that Theroux had been “leaning on Olivia Munn since leaving Jen,” speculating that the former co-stars were more than friends. Munn was quick to shoot down the rumors though, setting the record straight with an Instagram story. “Dear Tabloids, Please stop matching me with my friends’ exes,” she wrote. “No disrespect to people who date their friends’ exes, that’s just not my style.”

Justin sparked relationship buzz when he was spotted on a walk in N.Y.C. with 25-year-old model Erika Cardenas—but alas, they’re just friends. “There is no romantic relationship, just a friend from the gym,” a source told People. Theroux’s arms in every tank top ever certainly back up the gym alibi.

