www.usatoday.com/story/sports/ftw/2018/05/10/jennifer-lopez-says-theres-no-pressure-on-alex-rodriguez-to-propose/111162282/



J-Lo: 'No pressure' on A-Rod to propose

Nick Schwartz

USA TODAY Sports

Music icon Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez have been dating for more than a year, and the couple made a recent high-profile appearance together at the Met Gala, where A-Rod couldn't stop Instagramming.

Lopez visited The Tonight Show on Wednesday, and host Jimmy Fallon and Lopez broached the topic of marriage after playing a clip of Lopez's new song, El Anillo, which translates to "the ring."

When Fallon poked fun at A-Rod for stalling and asked if he was watching, J-Lo said there was "no pressure."

"I feel like there's a point that all women get to where they're like, 'What's up?' It's like, we're good, everything's great, what's going on? Am I staying or am I…?"

If A-Rod and J-Lo do tie the knot, it seems likely that it'll happen sooner than later. J-Lo asked Fallon how long he dated his wife before their engagement, and Fallon revealed that the couple had been together for three years.

"That's a lot. I feel like you know after… fairly quickly. So the rest is just like you being scared and whatever. But don't go by me, I've made tons of mistakes."

Interestingly, A-Rod will be a guest on Thursday's episode of The Tonight Show. Could he possibly be planning an on-air proposal?

Congratulations to the happy couple, who have an incredible (and slightly awkward) first-date story.

via Vanity Fair:

"She told me around the third or fourth inning that she was single," Rodriguez says. "I had to get up and go re-adjust my thoughts. I went to the bathroom and got enough courage to send her a text."

"So I'm sitting there and he's walking back, and I get a text," Lopez continues. "It says . . . " She looks significantly at Rodriguez. "You can tell her!" he says. " 'You look sexy AF,' " she tells me."

MORE:

There's no logical reason why 3 of the NFL's best free agent safeties are still available

Mike Trout's broken bat hit an umpire, so he stopped to apologize before running to first

Former Cavs GM tells story proving LeBron James is a literal basketball genius

Justin Thomas surprised a young fan by letting him hit a shot at TPC Sawgrass

Red Sox manager downplays concern David Price got carpal-tunnel syndrome from Fortnite

