www.intouchweekly.com/posts/tyga-misses-kylie-jenner-158840

Emma Hernandez

Tyga Misses Kylie Jenner, Hopes to Get Back Together With Her





She’s the one who got away! It’s hard to believe that it’s only been one year since Kylie Jenner and Tyga split — especially because so much has changed for Kylie since then. The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star is now a mom to an adorable little girl named Stormi Webster — whom she shares with her new boyfriend, rapper Travis Scott — and even though she’s already moved on and had a whole baby with another man, sources exclusively revealed to In Touch that Tyga isn’t really over Kylie.

“Even though they’re not together, Tyga misses Kylie. For real,” the insider told In Touch. “He misses her sexiness. Her body. The lavish life, connections, money and exposure she gave him. He misses all of that and kicks himself every day for letting their relationship die.”

Kylie and Tyga dated for about three years — which is an eternity in celeb time — but they broke up in 2017 shortly after Valentine’s Day. Fans were shocked to learn that Kylie had moved on so quickly from Tyga when she started dating Travis in April 2017 — and it was even more shocking that she got pregnant less than two months into their relationship. Sources revealed that Kylie’s pregnancy was especially hard for Tyga to accept, because he eventually hoped to start a family with the lip kit mogul — and even though Kylie seems to be happy and in love with Travis and their little family, Tyga is still holding on to hope that there might still be a chance for him to get back togegther with her.

“What’s worse: she’s got a baby with Travis. That gnaws at him,” the insider continued. “He wanted to be the one who gave Kylie a baby. He wanted that so much but she was opposed. Tyga’s pissed about that. But even still, he forgives her because he loves her. And he knows he could still have a baby with her later down the line if they were ever to rekindle the passion they once had.”

