www.dailystar.co.uk/showbiz-tv/music/534893/Cheryl-Justin-Bieber-collaboration-Chezza-Cheryl-Cole-Fernandez-Versini

Image, Instagram, Wenn, Getty

'I am finally working with Cheryl' Bieber opens up on track we're all waiting for

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: INSTAGRAM)

And now we have Cheryl and Justin.

It's the collaboration that's been on everyone's lips for years, and now the former child star has spoken out on the upcoming hit.

Chatting in Miami, Justin Bieber exclusively confirmed to Daily Star Online that he has been wanting to work with Cheryl for a long time.

(Image: WENN)

He explained: "With our commitments we have never managed to make it work.

"Though I saw her a couple of weeks back, and now she has left her role on The X Factor, I think this year will finally be the year we are able to record together.

"It's something we both want to do."

Better get your groove on and make it Christmas no1, then.

When quizzed about her new romance with Liam Payne, Biebs was willing to give his two cents.

(Image: INSTAGRAM)

The Boyfriend singer told us: "She looks the happiest I have ever seen her.

"She is beautiful inside and out, so she deserves all the happiness the world.

"Liam is a great guy, all the One Direction guys are."

But you don't get compliments for free these days.

As cheeky Bieber added: "They just better make sure I am invited to the wedding."

(Image: GETTY)

Last month, our nation's sweetheart and the YouTube sensation were 'caught' in bed together – all in the name of parodies.

Spoofing Kanye West's latest Famous video, they were filmed in bed arguing over who was the hottest celeb out the pair of them.

Back in 2011, rumours were rife that Chieber would unite on record, following her solo direction under the management of will.i.am.

At the time, having just seen Justin's new film, Cheryl tweeted: "I know I’m a bit late in the day but I have just watched Never Say Never.

"It just confirmed everything I always thought. This kid was born a star!! @scooterbraun [who scouted Bieber] I salute you."

Now the question is, will it be a dance floor filler or a teary-eyed ballad.

