www.dailystar.co.uk/news/latest-news/717994/prince-george-birthday-5-kate-middleton-king-prince-william-royal-family-latest-news

Charlotte Ikonen, Image, Pa

Kate Middleton and Prince William keeping a HUGE secret from George to ‘protect him’

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Kate Middleton and Prince William want Prince George, aged four, Princess Charlotte, aged three and Prince Louis, a few months old to have as "normal" an upbringing as possible.

And as Prince George turns five tomorrow, there is something about his future that he has not been told.

The little boy is third in line to the throne after his dad Prince William and grandad Prince Charles.

It's this nugget of information that his parents have decided to keep from him for the time being – with Wills explaining there's "a time and a place" for such a revelation.

(Image: PA)

According to Catherine Mayer, who wrote the book Charles: The Heart of a King, Prince William really struggled with the magnitude of his future role when he was growing up.

She told E! News in 2015: "With George they are trying to delay that moment of realisation and give him normality before they thrust this on him.

"But it will be, nevertheless, part of his upbringing both in terms of what he sees his parents and grandparents doing and probably quite soon a beginning of an understanding that he is in public life and what that means."

Prince William has frequently been quoted as saying he and Kate are a "very normal" family behind closed doors.

**Prince George receives ADORABLE first official royal birthday present**

(Image: PA)

In an interview he said: "There'll be a time and a place to bring George up and understand how he fits in, in the world.

"We are very normal."

He insisted that his children, will grow up in a “real, living environment”, not “behind palace walls”.

However, with Prince George now attending school it may be tricky for his future job to remain under wraps.

(Image: PA)

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have opted to send their first born to the post south London school St Thomas’s of Battersea.

George is said to be spending his birthday with parents and siblings in the Caribbean.

Kate's parents, Carole and Michael, are believed to be with them.

George was last seen at the christening of his baby brother Prince Louis at the Chapel Royal at St James's Palace on July 9 and in official photos marking the royal baptism.

