www.yahoo.com/entertainment/meghan-markles-wedding-dress-going-display-heres-see-person-091459755.html

Erin Donnelly

Meghan Markle's wedding dress is going on display — here's how to see it in person

The most famous wedding dress of 2018 is ready for its close-up.

Kensington Palace announced Wednesday that the Givenchy bateau-neckline wedding dress worn by Meghan Markle for her May 19 wedding to Prince Harry will go on public display at Windsor Castle later this year. The Royal Collection Trust’s A Royal Wedding: The Duke and Duchess of Sussex exhibit will also feature an identical version of the Household Cavalry frock-coat uniform worn by the groom on the couple’s big day.

The wedding outfits of The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will go on display at Windsor Castle in 2018 and the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh in 2019 in a special @RCT exhibition “A #RoyalWedding: The Duke and Duchess of Sussex”: https://t.co/j1N3WZFD50 pic.twitter.com/rKImNLva8w — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) August 29, 2018





When it comes to the Meghan’s dress, however, visitors to Windsor Castle — where the newly minted Duke and Duchess of Sussex wed — will see the actual dress designed for the royal bride by Givenchy’s Clare Waight Keller. Her embroidered veil and diamond-and-platinum tiara (a loaner from grandma-in-law Queen Elizabeth II) will also be on public display.

The exhibition gets underway on Oct. 28 and will run through Jan. 6, 2019. The wedding regalia will then move to the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh, Scotland, from June 14-Oct. 6, 2019.

Meghan Markle’s Givenchy dress will be on public display at Windsor Castle starting in October, along with a replica of Prince Harry’s Household Cavalry uniform. (Photo: Karwai Tang/WireImage) More

And while royal watchers are already clamoring for a U.S. tour, it may be prudent to get your travel agent moving just in case Meghan’s homeland doesn’t make the cut.

Selfie sticks at the ready!

Read more from Yahoo Lifestyle:

Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day.





