metro.co.uk/2018/02/07/rachel-weisz-rocks-thigh-high-slit-red-carpet-claiming-marriage-daniel-craig-isnt-exceptional-7292947/

Emma Kelly

Rachel Weisz rocks thigh-high split at The Mercy premiere

Rachel looked radiant on the red carpet Picture: David Fisher/REX/Shutterstock)

Rachel Weisz added some major sass to her classic English rose look at last night’s premiere of The Mercy.

The 47-year-old, who plays Clare Crowhurst in the drama alongside Colin Firth, wore a high-necked blue floral dress with button detailing that would have been rather demure, were it not for the thigh-high slit in the skirt.

Work it, Rach.

Teaming the striking dress with black sandals and simple make-up, Rachel was effortlessly chic at the premiere at the Curzon Mayfair in London.

The floral dress featured a daring side-split Picture: Samir Hussein/Samir Hussein/WireImage)

Rachel posed on the red carpet with her co-star Colin, who looked dapper as always in a suit and tie, overcoat and thick-rimmed glasses.

The Mercy documents Donald Crowhurst’s attempt to complete the Sunday Times Golden Globe Race in 1968, with Colin playing Crowhurst.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Rachel’s red carpet appearance comes after she was uncharacteristically open about her marriage to Bond actor Daniel Craig.

Rachel and Colin star alongside each other in The Mercy Picture: David Fisher/REX/Shutterstock)

The couple, who have been friends since their 20s, got married in 2011 in a private ceremony attended by just four people, including Daniel’s daughter from a previous marriage and Rachel’s son from her relationship with Darren Aronofsky.

Speaking to the ES Magazine last month, Rachel said of marriage: ‘It’s very personal, it’s very private. I don’t think mine’s particularly exceptional apart from that we’re both in the public eye.

‘But I never thought I would get married. It was not an ambition of mine. It was the opposite.’

The Brit added: ‘I couldn’t relate to romantic comedies — marriage seems to be the whole point of them. Then it just happened, happily, at a more mature moment.’

The Mercy hits cinemas on 9 February.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Berlin International Film Festival confirms women can wear flats – and men can wear heels

MORE: Angelina Jolie nearly brings back Oscars ‘leg bomb’ as children Shiloh and Zahara beam on red carpet

