www.news.com.au/entertainment/celebrity-life/kim-k-said-everyones-assumptions-about-her-surrogacy-are-invasive/news-story/5f13b75eaf1c682ce0d2485965c583bf

Maggie Coughlan

Kim Kardashian: Slams surrogacy rumours calling them ‘invasive’

Kim Kardashian says her daughter could run the country better than Trump

Kim Kardashian says her daughter could run the country better than Trump

KIM Kardashian is keeping quiet about reports she and husband Kanye West are expecting their third child via surrogate.

“I’ve definitely seen a lot of things, we’ve never confirmed anything,” she told E ! News Friday at Harper’s Bazaar’s Icons By Carine Roitfeld event, reports the New York Post.

Reports this week indicated that Kardashian, 36, and West, 40, are expecting a baby girl, due via surrogate in January.

According to TMZ, the pair decided to have a third baby via surrogacy because of Kardashian’s well-documented medical issues during her previous pregnancies.

Another source told People: “The entire family is over the moon.

“Given her health scares in the past, Kim felt the need to hire a surrogacy agency that helped serve as the liaison in finding a healthy woman who would be a great surrogate option for her and Kanye.”

But Kardashian was tight-lipped when asked to confirm the news.

“I think when we’re ready to talk about it we will, and I think it’s super invasive when people are just … So many details out there, and like I’ve never heard this, I’ve never heard this. Like whatever. We have not confirmed it, and that’s that. I’ll let you know when we’re ready.”

Kardashian and West are already parents to 4-year-old North and 1-year-old Saint.

Last week, it was reported by TMZ that the couple had enlisted an African-American woman in her twenties to act as surrogate.

According to the publication, the woman - who is reportedly carrying the couple’s third child - is a college graduate with two children of her own.

The website also reports that the surrogate is in ‘great physical shape’ and that her marriage is ‘solid’.

This article was originally published on the New York Post and was republished here with permission.

