www.thehollywoodgossip.com/2018/06/ben-affleck-and-lindsay-shookus-planning-a-wedding-even-though-h/

Tyler Johnson

Ben Affleck & Lindsay Shookus: Planning a Wedding Even Though He's Still Married?!

It's been almost a year since the world first learned that Ben Affleck and Lindsey Shookus are dating, and these days, the couple is reportedly ready to take the next step together.

Unfortunately, there are some sizable barriers blocking their path.

According to a new report from Entertainment Tonight Lindsey is seeking a commitment from Ben, who seems hesitant to pop the question.

But to his credit, there's a very good reason for that:

"Lindsay and Ben are very much in love,” a source tells the outlet.

“During Ben and Jennifer [Garner's] split, Lindsay truly felt villainized. Every day she spent with Ben out in the world for people to see felt like another day of public scrutiny, but her love for Ben was worth it," the insider adds.

"They both learned to stick by each other during those painful months.”

See, therein lies the issue.

The source makes it sound like Affleck and Garner's split was an ugly chapter in their lives that's now over and done with.

But the fact is Ben and Jen still aren't divorced.

Yes, despite the fact Affleck and Garner have been separated for three years, they're still legally married.

We're sure that's primarily because of legal and financial entanglements, but still ...

Lindsay probably isn't too thrilled about the situation.

The insider adds that Ben and Lindsay are planning to spend their lives together, but have thus far avoided any public discussion of marriage:

"Ben has worked incredibly hard on his sobriety and Lindsay has been his rock. He will be forever grateful for all her love and support," says the source.

"They are both constantly being asked if they are planning to tie the knot, but for now they taking it one day at a time.”

It's good that he's taking his recovery seriously, but we can't help but think Ben's leaning pretty hard on that "but, babe, my sobriety" excuse:

"Ben knows he loves Lindsay, but he wants to take things slow for the sake of his sobriety. He’s actually been told to take it slow and he's heeding that advice," the insider claims.

"Ben isn't ready to propose and has no plans to get engaged anytime soon, but Lindsay feels he is worth the wait.”

We're rooting for ya, Shook.

