us.blastingnews.com/showbiz-tv/2017/04/stars-celebrate-earth-day-2017-support-march-for-science-001645385.html

Ramon Sanchez, Jane Flowers, Tresa Patterson, Read More On The Same Topic Julia Morgan, How To Treat Alveolar Osteitis In A Few Days, How To Treat Blepharitis At Home, Which Are The Best Foods For Liver Health

Stars celebrate Earth Day 2017, support March for Science

Stars are celebrating Earth Day 2017 and supporting the first-ever March for Science through their social media networks. Leonardo DiCaprio, Troian Bellisario, George Takei, and Ellen DeGeneres have taken it to Twitter and Instagram to post sweet messages on this day.

Earth Day is an annual event celebrated on April 22. Events are held in different parts of the world to demonstrate support for environmental protection. The day is being celebrated in more than 160 countries, and famous fashion models and actors take it to social media to support the March for Science.

Leonardo DiCaprio

Born in 1974, Leonardo DiCaprio is one of the most successful and richest Hollywood actors. He began his career from television commercials in 1990, and then played minor roles in “Santa Barbara,” and “Growing Pains.” His most prominent projects are “Critters 3,” “This Boy's Life,” “Romeo + Juliet,” “Titanic,” and “Avatar.”

#EarthDay is a good reminder that our #globalgoals are working every day to end poverty, protect the planet & ensure prosperity for all. pic.twitter.com/U1esXopSB2 — United Nations (@UN) April 22, 2017

We must protect our oceans: they cover 71% of the Earth's surface and are the home of most of the life on our planet #EarthDay pic.twitter.com/xLNuocVHNZ — Oceana (@Oceana) April 22, 2017

DiCaprio requested his fans through Twitter to support Earth Day. He is one of the biggest supporters of the event and regularly participates in the March for Science.

Troian Bellisario

Troian Avery Bellisario invited her fans to the marches and requested them to do something good for the environment. This celebrity believes that we have a close link with the plants and animals, and should adequately protect them from being vanished.

We march for our communities. We march for our families. We march for our future. We #MarchForScience. Join us 4/22! https://t.co/gXvySZUk8K pic.twitter.com/ZE2aPYJqxU — March for Science (@ScienceMarchDC) April 21, 2017

Happy Earth Day! Today, let's do something to help our bee friends (whose hives had declines of… https://t.co/SmJzSpq0Qm — Troian (@SleepintheGardn) April 22, 2017

Born in 1985, she is widely famous for portraying Spencer Hastings in “Pretty Little Liars.” Troian is the daughter of producers Donald P.

Bellisario and Deborah Pratt and was born in California. Her best works include “Quantum Leap,” “First Monday,” and “NCIS.” She is married to famous actor Patrick J. Adams.

George Takei

George Takei is a famous American actor, filmmaker, author, and activist, with Japanese descent. He is best known for portraying Hikaru Sulu in the TV series “Star Trek.” This Hollywood icon encouraged everyone to drink pure water.

On Earth Day, just for laughs. Sort of.



(via George Takei) pic.twitter.com/5OhNb6NTqp — Self Aware Planet (@SelfAwarePlanet) April 23, 2013

Overheard: I was going to attend the #MarchForScience, but my horoscope said I shouldn't commit to things when Mercury is in retrograde. — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) April 22, 2017

"Science must shape policy. Science is universal. Science brings out the best in us." @BillNye at the #MarchForScience in D.C.! pic.twitter.com/qfjp7sVBbu — March for Science (@ScienceMarchDC) April 22, 2017

He believes that it is our right to live in the clean and safe environment. George asked his fans to join him for the March for Science. He is a proponent of LGBT rights and has been an active politician.

Ellen DeGeneres

Ellen Lee DeGeneres was born in 1958. She is a successful comedian, TV presenter, actress, writer, and producer of the era. DeGeneres starred in the famous sitcom “Ellen,” and hosted a syndicated talk show “The Ellen DeGeneres Show.”

Classic 8 mattress featured on The Ellen DeGeneres Show Earth Day episode! Offering you 20% off mattresses! #EarthDay #sale #Essentia pic.twitter.com/7127DAc6at — Essentia Paramus (@EssentiaParamus) April 21, 2017

She posted an emoji of herself with earth-shaped hearts over her eyes, leaving a good message for her fans.

Ellen says that Earth is our eye, and we should protect it from pollution and other dangers. The actress believes that keeping Earth clean, and safe isn’t a duty of politicians, it’s our responsibility. We should fully protect the planet if we want to provide our kids with a healthy environment.

