www.intouchweekly.com/posts/blake-shelton-put-miranda-lambert-through-hell-162437

Editorial Staff

Blake Shelton Put Miranda Lambert "Through Hell "

Miranda Lambert still has a lot to get off her chest. On June 19 — two years after writing about her painful divorce from Blake Shelton on her double album, The Weight of These Wings — she again opened up about the split in an interview released on the website HITS Daily Double. She admitted that Blake — who blindsided her in 2015 when he ended their marriage and pushed her out of the town where they’d built a life — broke her heart. Going through a divorce so publicly made her “feel so alone…. I feel like I’ve captured the seven stages of grief [on the album],” she revealed. “But it took me 24 songs to get there.”

Grief is an understatement. Miranda, 34, was devastated when Blake, 42, suddenly left her and took up with his fellow Voice coach Gwen Stefani, 48, just months later, sources tell In Touch. “She wears her heartbreak like a badge. The cold-blooded way Blake broke her heart, cut her out of his life and shoved his romance with Gwen in her face is something that will scar her forever,” says one source. “Blake really put her through hell, and she’s letting people know it.”

When the “Go Ahead and Break My Heart” singer told Miranda it was over, he essentially booted her from their ranch and from Tishomingo, Okla., where Miranda was a thriving business owner. “In a matter of days, she was sent packing. She didn’t know what hit her,” says the source reveals to In Touch. “She became more distraught when rumors spread that she’d cheated with a number of men and Blake did nothing to stop it. It was a nightmare for her.”

In reality, the marriage had soured as their careers skyrocketed and took them on the road separately for long stretches. “They became strangers,” says the source. “She lost trust in him, and he became suspicious of her. She knew the marriage was in trouble but somehow she always thought they could come together and save it.”

Blake didn’t feel the same way. But he says he, too, was heartbroken when the marriage ended. “I… hit rock bottom just like anybody does when they go through something that devastating,” he said in a June 24 interview, just five days after Miranda’s candid interview came out. Miranda’s continued discussion of the split bothers Blake, says a friend: “He feels like he’s being villainized. Blake is done with Miranda writing and talking about the divorce.”

But Miranda isn’t done singing about it. When she tours with Little Big Town this summer — beginning in Charlotte, N.C., on July 12 — the country megastar “will be featuring the songs prominently,” reveals the source, adding that even though Miranda has happily moved on with Turnpike Troubadours frontman Evan Felker, “Blake’s a big part of her confessional songs and is going to be for a long time to come.” Miranda will keep speaking out, says the source, “and if Blake’s reputation takes a beating along the way. he’s getting what he’s long deserved.”

For more on this, pick up the latest issue of In Touch — and for more exclusive content sign up for our newsletter.

