pagesix.com/2018/05/10/jennifer-lopez-jokes-theres-no-pressure-for-alex-rodriguez-to-propose/

May

Jennifer Lopez jokes there’s ‘no pressure’ for Alex Rodriguez to propose

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

If you like it, then you should put a ring on it, Alex Rodriguez.

During an appearance Wednesday on “The Tonight Show,” Jennifer Lopez discussed the meaning behind her new single, “El Anillo” (“The Ring”), rumored to be about her relationship with the Yankees slugger. The thrice-married beauty explained how the message is about women who are ready for the rock.

“The song is definitely about that, it is but I felt like it was kind of something that all women get to a point where they say, ‘OK, what’s up?'” said Lopez, 48. “Like we’re good, everything’s great, what’s going on? Am I staying or am I [going]?”

see also Jennifer Lopez isn't pushing A-Rod toward marriage "I would love to grow old with somebody in a...

Before Lopez explained the tune, host Jimmy Fallon held up a photo of the couple from Monday’s Met Gala, with a special message for Rodriguez, 42.

“Alex, are you watching? Hello,” Fallon joked, to which Lopez replied, “No pressure.”

Together since last spring, Lopez hasn’t ruled out a fourth trip down the aisle, despite failed marriages to Ojani Noa, Cris Judd and Marc Anthony.

“I would love to grow old with somebody in a committed relationship. But I’m not forcing anything right now,” the mother of two revealed in the April 2018 issue of Harper’s Bazaar. “It’s good, it’s healthy; we communicate well. We understand each other’s lives in a way that most other people couldn’t.”

Lopez also revealed Rodriguez, the face of ESPN’s “Sunday Night Baseball,” regularly sprinkles America’s pastime into their daily exchanges.

“It is baseball day and night, night and day,” she said. “I’m like, ‘Baby, what time you think you’re going to be home?’ He goes, ‘Well, right now I’m kind of in the seventh inning of the meeting.’ He’s like, ‘Keep your head in the game!'”

