hollywoodlife.com/2014/11/09/liam-hemsworth-jennifer-lawrence-friendship-miley-cyrus-breakup/

Avery Thompson

Jennifer Lawrence & Liam Hemsworth: How They Bonded After Miley Cyrus Split

After his split from Miley Cyrus in 2013, Liam Hemsworth needed someone to lean on. That someone was Jennifer Lawrence! The ‘Hunger Games’ co-stars became best friends as he dealt with his sad breakup.

Liam Hemsworth, 24, needed to find his happiness after his relationship with Miley Cyrus, 21, ended in 2013, and Jennifer Lawrence, 24, was just the person to help! Liam revealed that hanging out with Jennifer on set helped him become much “happier” after his split. Could their close friendship have been an underlying cause of why Miley dissed JLaw and lashed out at Liam?

Liam Hemsworth & Jennifer Lawrence’s Friendship

Jennifer continues to be America’s sweetheart and has proven she is the best friend anyone could have. The Oscar-winner helped her co-star Liam during a particularly tough time in his life and he is forever grateful to her.

“Being around someone like Jen, who is so honest and laughs all day long, I am forced to be in the right now,” Liam told the Associated Press, according to Us Weekly. “I’m much happier.”

While Liam and Jennifer were filming the final Hunger Games movies, the two would tour Berlin on their bikes when they had free time.

That is so sweet. Even though the Hunger Games is coming to a close, we think that Liam and Jennifer will be friends forever.

Jennifer and Liam are so close that he stood by her in the midst of her nude photo scandal. That did not go over well with his ex-fiancee. After the photos hit the web, Miley texted Liam and bashed his Hunger Games co-star.

“She texted him a few times, including a message that said, ‘Your buddy’s pics just came out and she showed so much more of her body than I ever have’ and ‘I don’t think that’s classy taking racy photos like that.'”

The situation really struck a chord with Miley because Liam never accepted her sexed-up style change and attitude. However, could Miley’s cruel diss really been because she hates the fact that Liam and Jennifer are such close friends?

HollywoodLifers, are you glad Liam and Jennifer are best friends? Do you think Miley is jealous of their friendship? Let us know!

— Avery Thompson

More Jennifer Lawrence News:

