www.myajc.com/blog/talk-town/celebs-politicians-react-abc-cancels-roseanne/aDSV7riYVfs8gsQTsSXiRN/

Nedra Rhone

John Lewis, celebs react as ABC cancels ‘Roseanne’

On Tuesday, ABC canceled ‘Roseanne’ after the actress sent a racist tweet comparing Valerie Jarrett, former advisor to President Barack Obama, to an ape.

Barr later apologized on social media, calling her statement a “bad joke,” but Channing Dungey, ABC Entertainment President, released a statement saying: “Roseanne’s Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show.”

Read more: ABC cancels ‘Roseanne’ after Roseanne Barr’s offensive tweet

After the announcment, a range of celebrities, media personalities, activists and politicians including Rep. John Lewis took to Twitter to chime in and they overwhemingly congratulated ABC on their decision to give Roseanne the heave-ho:



Thank you, @ABCNetwork. You did the right thing. There is not any room in our society for racism or bigotry. — John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) May 29, 2018



For the record, this is Channing Dungey. Sitting on top of your world like a Queen in full judgement of your garbage and taking it out. #Roseanne pic.twitter.com/GxEP2B61uq — Ava DuVernay (@ava) May 29, 2018



Ton of respect for Bob Iger. Tough decision with financial consequences for his company but right for America....umm..now don't bug Bob but maybe someone else find out if I'm still banned from all of @ABCNetwork for calling Roseanne Barr out first on her racist conspiracy tweets? — Tom Arnold (@TomArnold) May 29, 2018



Hey @ABC, Roseanne Barr compared Valerie Jarrett to an ape. There is no apology she can make that justifies @ABC turning a blind eye to this bigotry by airing another second of her show.

Even in the Age of Trump, there are red lines that can never be crossed. This is one. — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) May 29, 2018



I bet FOX will pick it up & pair it with Tim Allen's show. https://t.co/5MyZf9UT3X via @thr — Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) May 29, 2018



Roseanne woke up with a million dollar job and lost it before lunchtime in LA. Life comes at you fast. — Touré (@Toure) May 29, 2018



But honestly she got what she deserved. As I tell my 4 year old, one makes a choice with one’s actions. Roseanne made a choice. A racist one. ABC made a choice. A human one. — shonda rhimes (@shondarhimes) May 29, 2018



adios

Roseanne!



good

riddance.



hashtag

NOT Winning.



the

runway is

now clear

for

OUR reboot.



©#CharlieHarperReturns pic.twitter.com/HcqMvIoxCM — Charlie Sheen (@charliesheen) May 29, 2018



From Channing Dungey, President of ABC Entertainment: "Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show."

There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing. — Robert Iger (@RobertIger) May 29, 2018

Support real journalism. Support local journalism. Subscribe to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution today. See offers.

Your subscription to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution funds in-depth reporting and investigations that keep you informed. Thank you for supporting real journalism.

