www.ok.co.uk/celebrity-news/1263478/scott-disick-desperate-kardashians-accept-girlfriend-sofia-richie-kourtney-kardashian-kuwtk

Catriona Rigney, Image, Scott Disick, Instagram, Getty, E, Kourtney Kardashian Instagram

Scott Disick 'desperate for the Kardashians to accept girlfriend Sofia Richie' – as teenager is BANNED from family bash

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: Scott Disick/ Instagram)

And it appears that the unlikely relationship between 34 year old Scott and 19 year old Sofia is going well, with Scott reportedly begging the the Kardashian family to accept her.

Hollywood Life reports: "Scott is desperate for the Kardashian family to accept his girlfriend Sofia.

"Scott is hopeful that if Sofia is allowed into the family, his life will get easier and it will create more opportunity for them as a couple."

(Image: Getty)

Scott and Sofia began dating in September and even spent Christmas together.

However, the teen daughter of Lionel Richie was notably missing from Kris Jenner’s annual Christmas Eve bash, with it rumoured that she was snubbed from the guest list.

Scott was in attendance despite no longer being with his ex-girlfriend of nine years, Kourtney Kardashian, with whom he shares three children, Mason, eight, Penelope, five, and three year old Reign.

(Image: Instagram)

However, while Sofia did not make an appearance, Kourtney's toyboy boyfriend, 24-year-old Younes Benjima was in attendance.

It’s reported that Scott is hoping that Sofia can make appearances on the family show, Keeping Up With The Kardashians, in the future.

Hollywood Life says: "Scott has been sweet talking Kris constantly telling her all the wonderful qualities of Sofia, trying to get Kris more on board and accepting of their relationship.

(Image: E!) (Image: Kourtney Kardashian/Instagram)

"Scott is convinced that if he can get Kris to approve of him dating Sofia, then maybe the rest of the family will follow.

"He would like to be able to spend time with Sofia when he is with his kids and even have her featured on KUWTK."

