celebrityinsider.org/faith-hill-wants-a-divorce-and-is-tired-of-tim-mcgraws-cheating-ways-report-106905/

Dylan Fisher

Faith Hill Wants A Divorce And Is Tired Of Tim McGraw’s Cheating Ways: Report

Country stars Tim McGraw and his wife, Faith Hill, are the subjects of a divorce rumor.

The pair has toured the world together belting out their hits songs including “Like We Never Loved at All,” “Angry All the Time,” and of course, “Meanwhile Back at Mama’s.”

The power couple has been married for 21 years and has three beautiful daughters together.

However, a new report from OK Magazine claimed that the diva no longer feels connected to her spouse and is ready to move on with her life.

A so-called pal said for many years the legendary singer and songwriter stayed with McGraw because she did not want to break her family.

The publication went on to reveal that Hill has grown tired of McGraw’s love for the ladies.

Speculations on Hill and McGraw’s marriage have been going around for years, and they rarely dispel them.

Instead, during interviews to promote their albums and tours they talk about how strong their love is.

Last year, they sat down with ET‘s Keltie Knight and talked anniversary gifts.

Hill said: “He is good. He does not need to get me anything. Honestly, do you, baby? He is good at giving gifts and making surprises. That is the best gift ever. That is amazing. Do I get to do that four-hour workout with you? No, thank you. That is my gift, no I do not have to do that workout with you.”

McGraw beamed over his wife’s talent by stating: “For me, it is hearing her sing every night, that is the best part about [the tour]. Cause she is not out there singing much, to see her up on stage, having a great time and just belting it out? I mean, I always say it: when I am on stage with her, it is like NASCAR trying to keep up with an Indy car. She is just that good. So, to me, to watch her sing and see what she does is pretty inspiring.”

He also revealed the secret about having a long and healthy relationship — let his wife drive.

The “Humble And Kind” singer shared: “My hot wife, man. Well, the car I drive, the relationship she drives. It is pretty even. We make big decisions about things in different ways, but we always talk about it before we do it. And you know, having three daughters, we acquiesced to mom quite a bit on those decisions.”

He concluded by: “But I think the key is. You can go into an argument, and your first thought should not always be ‘Should I be in this relationship?’ That should be the last thought when you argue.”

Advertisement

By the looks of things, these will be making sweet music together for many years to come.

