www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/weird-marriage-rules-tom-cruise-11126495

Emmeline Saunders, Image, Eyevine, Wireimage, Pictured, Katie Holmes, Suri Cruiseref, ..., Tom Cruise, Katie Holmesref

Weird marriage rules Tom Cruise imposed on Katie Holmes: 'Silence during labour' and 'no public dating' after their split

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Katie Holmes has finally gone public with Jamie Foxx after a rumoured romance that became an open secret in Hollywood.

But while the public were wondering why it took them so long to confirm their relationship, it seems to stem back to her five-year marriage to Tom Cruise.

Much has been reported about their bizarre divorce - and how Katie literally fled the country to get herself and daughter Suri away - but the actress has never spoken publicly about life as part of TomKat.

Here, we look back at the bizarre claims surrounding Tom's marriage rules for his wife...

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

Scientology elders 'audition for wives'

(Image: Eyevine)

After Tom's divorce from second wife Nicole Kidman, he began getting more into Scientology - the religious organisation he was introduced to by first wife Mimi Rogers in the late 1980s.

And there have been claims that Katie - who fancied Tom as a teenager - wasn't the Mission Impossible star's first pick.

According to the controversial book Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood and the Prison Belief by Lawrence Wright, Tom invited Scientology elders to hold screen tests to find his next wife - a claim which the church's lawyers have denied.

But the author claimed a number of eligible Hollywood women were 'auditioned' by the church for the role of Tom's next spouse, including Lindsay Lohan, Scarlett Johansson and Jessica Alba.

Norwegian blonde Anette Iren Johansen said in 2015 that she'd been among the auditionees and claimed she'd been questioned later by a church elder about her sexual history - including whether she'd ever had threesomes or sex with a woman.

A spokesperson for the Church of Scientology told Mail Online at the time: "There was no project, secret or otherwise, ever conducted by the Church to find a bride, via audition or otherwise, for any member."

Monitoring Katie's pregnancy

(Image: WireImage)

When TomKat announced they were expecting their first child together in October 2005, doctors criticised Cruise for buying his own at-home ultrasound machine so he could keep an eye on Katie's womb.

Tom confessed he'd bought the high-tech equipment to use throughout his wife's pregnancy and said the couple would donate it to a hospital after she'd given birth, but medical specialists slammed his decision.

Some doctors warned that sonograms should only be carried out by certified technicians and only for medical purposes, as potential problems could be missed by untrained observers or the unborn child could be exposed to more sound waves than necessary.

Silent childbirth

(Image: <P>Pictured: Katie Holmes and Suri Cruise<P><B>Ref: SPL43985 120808 ...)

By far and away the strangest rule to come out of Tom and Katie's marriage was Cruise's insistence that his wife stay silent while she was giving birth to baby Suri.

According to Scientologists, labouring women should avoid screaming, groaning or even talking lest their words cause trauma to their newborn.

Even doctors and other staff attending the birth should refrain from speaking, according to Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard's rules.

"Everyone must learn to say nothing within the expectant mother's hearing using labor and delivery," Hubbard wrote before his death.

"Particularly during birth, absolute silence must be maintained and the more gentle the delivery, the better."

Post-divorce dating rule

(Image: <P>Pictured: Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes<P><B>Ref: SPL189747 210610 </B><BR/>Picture by: Jackson Lee / Splash News<BR/></P><P><B>Splash News and Pictures</B>...)

According to the terms of their 'quickie' divorce, Katie was reportedly not allowed to mention their marriage or date anyone publicly for five years after her split from Tom.

A source told Radar last year: "She's allowed to date, but she cannot do so in a public fashion, and she's not supposed to let any boyfriend near their daughter, Suri."

Agreeing to the clause reportedly netted Katie £3.6million in child support and £3.8million for herself.

That was on top of the £40million prenuptial agreement Katie drew up with the help of her lawyer father, in which she pocketed £2million for every year of their five-year marriage as well as a trust fund for 11-year-old Suri.

(Image: Reuters) (Image: XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM)

The settlement also reportedly contained “iron-clad” rulings that Suri would not be made a member of the controversial Church of Scientology, where Tom holds a high rank.

And this week - not long after the five-year mark had passed since Katie filed for divorce on June 29 2012 - she finally went public with Jamie Foxx.

