www.express.co.uk/entertainment/films/944173/Brad-Pitt-Jennifer-Aniston-movie-film-together-divorce

Stefan Kyriazis

Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston film plans: Are they really 'REUNITING on screen'?

GETT Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston film plans revealed?

Is one of the greatest love stories in Hollywood being reignited on screen and off? They had never made a movie together when they were a couple but now reports claim the previously married stars are: "bringing their love to the big screen." The sensational news adds: "Jen and Brad love the idea of them finally starring together in a movie.” An Australian magazine cites sources who say the couple had wanted to work together when they were married and have now reopened several abandoned projects following their separations from Angelina Jolie and Justin Theroux.

Jennifer Aniston's sexiest pictures Fri, February 16, 2018 Jennifer Aniston was voted People magazine’s most beautiful woman of 2016. Lets take a look at her sexiest pictures to date. Play slideshow Getty•Warner bros 1 of 40 Jennifer Aniston through the years: From Rachel Green to Hollywood in pictures

NW Magazine (via Yahoo Australia) added: "Back when they were married they used to pick each other’s scripts and give each other pointers. "(They) have a bunch of old scripts in the archives that they’d planned to work on together, which they’re now dusting off and looking at.” It is a tantalising prospect sure to thrill fans who had been devastated when the pair separated way back in 2005. But is it true? NW (formerly New Weekly) only cites a mysterious unnamed source for the information.

getty Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston divorced in 2005

GETTY Brad Pitt moved on from Jennifer Aniston with Angelina Jolie

Last year Hollywood Life similarly reported: "Jen would work with Brad on screen. It would have to be the perfect role and all the stars would have to align, but it’s definitely something that would benefit their careers. "She has thought maybe it would be easier for them to start something as voices on a future animated film — not characters that would be romantic with each other. She would highly consider it, so much so that she thinks it’s more likely than a Friends reunion.” Hollywood site Gossip Cop spoke to Aniston's representatives at the time, who categorically denied the reports: "There are no projects that Jennifer is considering with Brad.” What about 12 months later?

Jennifer Aniston fans flood Twitter with hilarious memes as Brangelina split Wed, September 21, 2016 Twitter has been flooded with memes of Jennifer Aniston 'celebrating' the news that Hollywood golden couple Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt are apparently no more. Play slideshow Twitter 1 of 11 The internet has reacted to the Brangelina news in the best way possible

