celebrityinsider.org/gwen-stefani-and-blake-shelton-on-the-verge-of-a-split-she-reportedly-called-off-their-wedding-plans-102345/

Suzy Kerr

Gwen Stefani And Blake Shelton On The Verge Of A Split? She Reportedly Called Off Their Wedding Plans

The latest issue of Life & Style claims that Gwen Stefani has called off her summer wedding to Blake Shelton after a massive fight. A “source” claims that the mom of three started to panic about her future with the country superstar and her insecurities got the best of her. Is the couple on the verge of a split?

The insider says that Stefani and Shelton were planning a country wedding in Oklahoma, but she decided to not go through with it because she was “unnerved” by Shelton’s student-teacher relationship with Chloe Kohanski, the most recent winner of The Voice.

The tabloid story also claims that Shelton has tried to convince Stefani that she is the only woman for him, but she feels like she loves him more than he loves her. Another alleged problem is that the Sweet Escape singer doesn’t want to relocate to Oklahoma, plus they have conflicting schedules and different personalities.

But, could any of this be close to the truth? Could an insider really know all of this and then dish it out to a tabloid? According to Gossip Cop, absolutely not.

The first problem with the cover story is that the singers were never planning a wedding. A Stefani rep told the truth-telling website that there was no ceremony to cancel and the alleged relationship problems are simply inaccurate.

All fans must do is look at Stefani and Shelton’s social media pages, and they will quickly discover that not only is the couple happy and in love, but Stefani has no problem spending time in Oklahoma.

No one expected this couple to last, but after more than two years together things are still great and, according to Pop Culture, Shelton says they keep getting stronger.

“We have this unified front. What’s most important to Gwen is somebody who has her back, and is her best friend. That’s kind of how it started, and it just kept snowballing and snowballing into what it is now, and it just feels like it gets stronger all the time.”

Rumors of weddings, babies, and breakups have become a regular thing for the couple, but it just makes Stefani laugh. Per Bustle, she said she actually does Google her name to see the latest “gossipy, weird stories” that people have come up with.

Both Shelton and Stefani have been married before. Shelton was married to his high school sweetheart, Kaynette Gern, from 2003 to 2006; and then he was married to Miranda Lambert from 2011 to 2015. Stefani was married to Gavin Rossdale for 13 years before they split in 2015.

Going through devastating breakups at the same time is what initially brought the two close together, as they leaned on each other to get through their heartbreak.

Advertisement

Blake Shelton says that Gwen Stefani saved his life and she is all he cares about, and since they aren’t shy about sharing their romance on social media, it’s likely that when they do get engaged they won’t keep it a secret.

