www.mercurynews.com/2018/06/25/why-did-kanye-west-think-that-kim-kardashian-might-divorce-him/

Jim Harrington, Jim Harrington Is The Pop Music Critic For The Bay Area News Group. He Began Writing About The Bay Area Music Scene In, Became The Full-Time Pop Music Critic For The Organization'S Oakland Tribune In He Is A South Bay Native, Graduate Of San Francisco State University.

Why did Kanye West think that Kim Kardashian might divorce him?

Kanye West reportedly thought his marriage to Kim Kardashian might be nearing its end.

The multiplatinum hip-hop hero told the New York Times that he thought his wife might divorce him over the well-publicized comments he made about slavery — saying that slavery was a choice — during an appearance on TMZ.

“There was a moment where I felt like after TMZ, maybe a week after that, I felt like the energy levels were low, and I called different family members and was asking, you know, ‘Was Kim thinking about leaving me after TMZ?’” West said in an interview with the New York Times.. “So that was a real conversation.”

Despite all the controversy West has endured over the past few years, and the concerts (such as the one in San Jose in 2016) where he delivered amazingly disappointing and perplexing performances, West remains a huge commercial force in music

He just released his eighth studio album, “Ye,” which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200.

On one of the album’s songs, “I Thought About Killing You,” West raps that he thinks about killing himself. He opens up on the topic a bit more in the New York Times interview, when asked about the song.

“Oh yeah, I’ve thought about killing myself all the time. It’s always a option and [expletive],” he says in the interview. “Like Louis C.K. said: ‘I flip through the manual. I weigh all the options.’

“I’m just having this epiphany now, ’cause I didn’t do it, but I did think it all the way through. But if I didn’t think it all the way through, then it’s actually maybe more of a chance of it happening.”

