www.intouchweekly.com/posts/alex-rodriguez-cheated-on-jennifer-lopez-153623

In Touch Staff

Jennifer Lopez Questioning Future With A-Rod After Cheating Allegations





If a picture speaks a thousand words, then the Instagram accounts of Jennifer Lopez and boyfriend Alex Rodriguez could tell one epic story. Within hours of each other on Jan. 24, the former Yankee slugger posted a photo of a cryptic quote: “There’s nothing wrong with making a mistake, what’s wrong is not making the effort to make it right,” and the Shades of Blue star shared a photo of a gigantic bouquet of flowers Alex had sent her. The next day, she uploaded a selfie and captioned the photo, “It’s all in God’s hands always,” along with the hashtag #letgoandletgod. According to an insider, “That was aimed directly at Alex.”

Hollywood’s hottest duo is on the verge of flaming out. Jennifer, 48, is privately questioning her relationship with her boyfriend of nearly a year after learning he’s still in touch with former fling Lauren Hunter, a fitness model, who last year claimed in an interview that Alex, 42, had been sexting her for months — including while he was dating J.Lo. Recently, “someone went to Jennifer with new details that Alex was still texting with Lauren, and that’s what made Jennifer lose it,” the insider tells In Touch. “Of course, he said it wasn’t physical, and maybe it wasn’t, but in Jennifer’s book, that’s still cheating. They were head-over-heels in love and planning to get engaged. Now Alex’s actions have jeopardized everything.”

The damage runs deep. Jennifer, who’s endured three failed marriages, “was heartbroken to hear that Alex was talking to Lauren,” says the insider. “Even though they didn’t meet in person, Jennifer considered it a betrayal. Now she has friends and family watching out for her best interests, which means checking in and asking about Alex’s antics.”

She has good reason to worry. Last June, a month after Jennifer and Alex made their red carpet debut at the Met Gala in NYC, Lauren claimed in a bombshell interview that she was in frequent contact with the ex-athlete, whom she met at an Equinox gym in 2011. “A week before his relationship with Jennifer was announced, he was asking me to go to Miami,” she claimed. “He never even mentioned her.” Lauren also alleged that Alex (who has kids Natasha, 13, and Ella, 9, with ex-wife Cynthia Scurtis) cheated on then-girlfriend Cameron Diaz with her in 2011. Jennifer “would be an idiot to believe he’d be faithful,” she said. She also called Jennifer too vanilla for him. “I don’t think he’s sexually attracted to her,” she dished. “In bed… he’s probably picturing me.”

Jennifer, mom to nine-year-old twins Max and Emme with ex Marc Anthony, turned a blind eye to the initial interview. Now, she’s not sure what to believe. “Jennifer’s still on the fence,” says the insider. “She can either cut her losses and walk away from the relationship, or she can fight for it. I think she’ll fight for it.”

