https://web.archive.org/web/20170917112724/http://www.msn.com:80/en-us/music/celebrity/john-legend-chrissy-teigen-not-on-verge-of-splitting-despite-report/ar-AArVunc?



John Legend, Chrissy Teigen not 'on verge of splitting,' despite report

© Gossip Cop (Getty Images)

One of this week’s new tabloids claims John Legend and Chrissy Teigen are “on the verge of splitting,” but there’s no truth to the breakup tale. The magazine says the couple have been in therapy to fix their alleged marriage problems, but Gossip Cop looked into the report and we can exclusively set the record straight.

Teigen opened up earlier this year about suffering postpartum depression after giving birth to daughter Luna last year, as well as her struggle with drinking too much. The model has since taken steps to work through both issues, but the latest issue of In Touch insists her marriage is falling apart over the situation.

“They are fighting nonstop,” a so-called “insider” tells the magazine. “They have been in marriage counseling for the last six months. They’re trying very hard to make their marriage work.”

The outlet’s questionable source further alleges there’s “a terrible atmosphere” in Teigen and Legend’s home because she’s “been acting paranoid and jealous” and “they end up fighting about it all the time.” The supposed insider continues, “John has tried to be patient because he realizes this is a difficult time for Chrissy, but he is getting wiped out… It seems like they are trying to get through the day.” The dubious source concludes, “John and Chrissy’s friends worry the marriage just won’t survive.”

But Gossip Cop checked in with a source close to the couple about their alleged marital woes, and we’re exclusively assured the tabloid’s account of events is simply “not true.” We’re told Legend and Teigen’s relationship is going strong, and the claim otherwise is entirely inaccurate. Unfortunately, this isn’t the first time we’ve had to debunk a phony article about the happy spouses being at odds.

Gossip Cop busted MediaTakeOut two years ago when it wrongly alleged Legend and Teigen were “headed for divorce” over constant arguments. Obviously, the couple is still very much together, and this latest story regarding their supposed marriage problems is equally bogus.

Kim K. supposedly replacing Kelly Ripa and more tabloid tales debunked:

