www.harpersbazaar.com/uk/fashion/fashion-news/longform/a43015/kristen-stewart-september-issue-cover/



Kristen Stewart: "I've been deeply in love with everyone I've dated"

In fashion as in life, Kristen Stewart has always challenged gender norms with her androgynous beauty – which makes her the perfect face of Chanel's new fragrance, Gabrielle, inspired by the legendary founder of the couture house. But she is also very much her own woman, as independent-spirited when it comes to fame and feminism as she has been in facing down Donald Trump.

Kristen wears Chanel on the newsstand cover

Read highlights from the interview below:

On being in love:

"I've been deeply in love with everyone I've dated. Did you think I was faking it? I've always really embraced a duality. And really, truly, believed in it and never felt confused or struggling. I just didn't like getting made fun of."

On dating men again:

"Yeah, totally. Definitely… Some people aren't like that. Some people know that they like grilled cheese and they'll eat it every day for the rest of their lives. I want to try everything. If I have grilled cheese once I'm like, 'That was cool, what's next?'"

Kristen with then-boyfriend Robert Pattinson in 2011, and with current girlfriend Stella Maxwell in June 2017. Getty Images

On fame:

"Fame is valued quite ridiculously. So then there's this idea that you're beholden in some way, and I resent that. And it comes across like I'm ungrateful or something but, actually, I just find it weird to talk to the general public as a whole. Like, you can relate to a person, you can relate to an individual, but addressing the world at large is something that just perplexes me."

On whether she suffers from 'Resting Bitch Face':

"Completely. I'm really not introverted - I'm just not acting all the time, which is what it would take to look like how people expect famous people to behave."

"Men cannot say bitch anymore, I'm sorry. Say something different. Say, 'You're rude,' say, 'You're a dick,' whatever. Just to say, 'Oh that bitch.' You can't say that because there's nothing I could say to you, there's no retort that would be equal to that, therefore it's demeaning and literally on par with... something homophobic or something racist."

On life as a woman in the United States, post Trump:

"It's obviously terrible what's happening but at the same time, it feels good to be part of a wider female community that is finally standing up for itself. I've never felt such a strong sense of community. So it's brought us together. The catalyst for this is regrettable, obviously, it's shitty. But at the same time I think that you need something to stir things up in order to get people to come together and define their opinions and force them to be heard."

Kristen wears Chanel, photographed by Tom Craig

On her tomboy style:

She used to dress as "a total tomboy" and it was only at school that she realised it was "not the most normal thing. Not all little girls are that way. And it actually really hurt my feelings, like badly. Like, I remember being in the sixth grade [aged 11] and [people would say] 'Kristen looks like a man. You're a boy', or whatever, and I was so offended, horrified and embarrassed. Now I look back on it and I'm like, 'Girl, be proud of that!'"

Everything shifted when Stewart hit puberty and grew her hair long. Suddenly she was accepted as one of the pretty girls "and I was like, 'Fuck all of you!'"

Watch below as Kristen explores Coco Chanel's apartment following her cover shoot:

The September issue of Harper's Bazaar is available on newsstands from 4 August.

