metro.co.uk/2018/06/01/angelina-jolie-missed-royal-wedding-because-of-work-not-because-her-kids-werent-invited-7598140/

Narjas Zatat

Angelina Jolie 'missed royal wedding because her kids not invited'

(Picture: David Fisher/BAFTA/REX/Shutterstock)

The Royal Wedding was the social event of the decade, and celebrities from all over the world packed into St George’s Chapel donned in extravagant fascinators and crisp suits.

Serena William was there with her husband Alexis Ohanian and David Beckham looked dapper with his wife Victoria, whose stony expression inspired the creation of a meme. James Corden, Idris Elba, Oprah and George Clooney were also in attendance, among hundreds of stars.

Angelina Jolie however, did not attend the nuptials on 19 May.

There’s a rumour going around about why the actress decided the wedding wasn’t for her, and it’s got to do with her children.

According to a ‘source’ who spoke to Star Magazine, Jolie had been invited to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s wedding, but refused to go because her children weren’t invited.

The source allegedly told the magazine: ‘She was insulted that her kids weren’t invited. She was allowed to bring one guest – more than most people got, actually – but didn’t have a date to take.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘In the end, she decided to skip it altogether’.

However, this doesn’t seem to be the case.

According to People, the director was seen landing in London with her kids two days prior to the wedding – but she was in England’s capital for work, not play.

Maleficent 2, for which she will be reprising her role as the wicked witch, began filming in the UK.

Here’s your first look at Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning as Maleficent and Aurora on the set of #Maleficent2. pic.twitter.com/4WEevU1Lis — Disney (@Disney) May 29, 2018

Metro has contacted Angelina Jolie’s representative for comment.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Angelina Jolie furious as she ‘can’t bring kids to UK due to Brad Pitt divorce talks’

MORE: Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie still ‘at odds’ over custody of their six children – two years after split

