www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4508698/Michelle-Pfeiffer-dropped-Sex-City-3.html

Kaileen Gaul For Dailymail.Com

Michelle Pfeiffer dropped out of Sex and the City 3

There was 'one last chapter to tell' in the Sex and the City saga, Sarah Jessica Parker said. And this dream of die-hard fans desperate for a third film to redeem the widely panned sequel almost came true in 2014. Then one of the leading actresses dropped out of the production.

But it wasn't Sarah Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, Kristin Davis or Cynthia Nixon.

Court documents obtained by the DailyMail.com reveal the production fell apart when Michelle Pfeiffer, who never appeared in the six seasons of the HBO show or the two films, decided to opt out of the movie.

Scroll down for video

Filming for Sex and the City 3 was set to take place in New York City in 2014, but then one of the project's 'leading actresses' Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, dropped out of the film. She never appeared on the 6 seasons of the HBO show or the two films

Kristin Davis, Sarah Jessica Parker, Cynthia Nixon and Kim Cattrall starred in the first and second Sex and the City films which together grossed more than $700million worldwide

Sex and the City executive producer Cindy Chupack filed suit over a Greenwich Village townhouse in 2014.

The house on East Ninth Street is only a few blocks away from the facade of Carrie Bradshaw's iconic apartment on Perry Street in West Village.

Sex and the City producer Cindy Chupack (pictured) said production on the film halted when Michelle Pfeiffer dropped out

Chupack, who has also produced episodes of Modern Family and Divorce, explained in the court documents she put down a $15,000 deposit to rent a home owned by Rebecca Flores.

The producer attempted to cancel the booking the next day after 'one of the lead actresses for the movie, Michelle Pfeiffer' opted out of the film.

Documents state there was no replacement lined up for the 'Scarface' actress.

By the time Chupack asked for her money back, Flores had already cashed the check and refused to refund her.

Chupack sued for $28,500 in damages and Flores fired back, counter-suing for $100,000.

Like Carrie and Mr Big's on-again, off-again relationship, the legal battle dragged on for years until the judge came back with an decision in May.

The order states, 'As a backdrop, plaintiff, a noted screenwriter and movie producer, sought to rent an apartment in Manhattan for three months so she can work on the movie, Sex and the City, that was to be filmed in New York City.

'Plaintiff expressed her interest in renting the apartment listed for $20,000 per month for a three month period, and remitted a non refundable hold fee of $15,000. The filming of the movie did not commence as planned.'

The townhouse is located on East Ninth Street and is just a few blocks away from the home used for the facade of Carrie Bradshaw's apartment on Perry Street

Earlier this month, the judge threw out the producer's lawsuit entirely stating it was not the defendant's fault the movie was cancelled and the contract was clear about the deposit.

It ordered Chupack's husband, plaintiff and attorney Ian Wallach to pay $5,000 on the defendant's first counterclaim in damages and another $5,000 in sanctions.

The court filings detail email communication between the producer and renter which show in early January she wrote to Flores saying she would know if the film was for sure going to happen by February 8.

Though Pfeiffer never starred on Sex and the City during its six season run, she did appear in the fim New Year's Eve in 2011 with Sarah Jessica Parker. The actresses also both have starring roles in HBO shows, Parker in Divorce and Pfeiffer in the upcoming film The Wizard of Lies.

Filming for Sex and the City Three was supposed to start in 2014. Since then, Sarah Jessica Parker has hinted several times another film could be in the works

The pair recently taped an episode of Variety Studio: Actors on Actors where they interviewed each other.

The first Sex and the City movie was released in 2008, and grossed a whopping $415 million at the box office worldwide. The sequel, which was primarily set in Abu Dhabi, generated $288 million worldwide.

Fans have been speculating about a third film for years, emboldened by Sarah Jessica Parker's hints.

In January 2014, she told InStyle magazine, 'A part of me thinks there is one last chapter to tell.'

In 2015 she posted a teasing Instagram of her leaving Bloomingdale's dressed in designer clothes.

Fans couldn't help but wonder, why would Sarah Jessica Parker keep hinting there would be a Sex and the City movie if there wasn't a possibility of another film?

She captioned the photo: 'Well. I guess the cat's out of the (little brown) bag. As usual, we will keep you posted on every detail as we are able. I'm under a strict gag order until then.'

In 2016 while promoting her new show Divorce, SJP reiterated the line about another chapter, 'I will say that the idea, it rests in the butler's pantry. Not on the table, but somebody is holding it fairly nearby.'

Much like her character Miranda, Cynthia Nixon was more pragmatic about her answer when she was asked by the Hollywood Reporter if there would be a third film in 2012.

She said: 'I think we had a wonderful ride. I think it's fine to let it go.'

