www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/kim-kardashian-resents-kanye-wests-12971911

Lucy Needham, Vicki Newman, Image, Defjamrecords Instagram, Afp Getty Images, Tidal, Splash News

Kim Kardashian 'resents Kanye West's 'other woman''

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Kim Karadashian is feeling increasingly left out by husband Kanye West's closeness to another woman, it has been claimed.

According to a friend of the couple, Kim is concerned about her hubby's friendship with model and singer Teyana Taylor and it's said to be causing mounting tension between them.

Teyana, 27, previously starred in the raunchy music video for Kanye's track Fade and recently worked with him on her new album K.T.S.E.

The source said: "Kims been feeling a bit put out by Kanye and Teyana bonding over their music. They've spend hours holed up in a studio over the past few months, which Kim feels more distant than ever from Kanye."

(Image: defjamrecords/Instagram) (Image: AFP/Getty Images)

The insider claims Kanye has been 'singing Teyana's praises,' which has led to wife Kim feeling left out in the cold.

"Kim trusts Kanye 100 per cent and she knows he loves her, but she cam't help feeling a bit resentful about the 'other woman,'" added the insider.

(Image: Tidal) (Image: Tidal)

Teyana, who shares two-year-old daughter with basketballer husband Iman Shumpert, has known Kanye since she signed to his record label GOOD in 2012.

Mirror Online has contacted representatives for comment.

(Image: Splash News)

Kim was reported to have been by Kanye's side she'd been by Kanye's side when he was rushed to hospital with suspected flu.

It's said that the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star was so worried about her husband that dropped everything to accompany him to the emergency room.

Mum-of-three Kim took her husband to West Hills Hospital, in the San Fernando Valley, on Sunday, reports TMZ .

And according to the site, Kim never left her husband's side.

A source tells the site that Kanye's flu got "worse and worse" to the point that Kim felt he needed medical attention.

