radaronline.com/photos/justin-theroux-steals-jennifer-aniston-best-friend-chris-mcmillan/

Katy Forrester, March

Jennifer Aniston’s BFF Is Still Hanging With Justin Theroux

Jennifer Aniston might not have seen her estranged husband Justin Theroux in weeks, but that hasn’t stopped her BFF from hanging out with him, RadarOnline.comChris McMillan still classes The Leftovers star as a client and has been with him on a number of occasions might not have seen her estranged husbandn weeks, but that hasn’t stopped her BFF from hanging out with him, RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively ! The actress’ hairstylist and close friendstill classes The Leftovers star as a client and has been with him on a number of occasions since he parted ways with Aniston, 49, at the end of last year. Click through for exclusive photos and more on the shocking story!

A source said: “Chris is very loyal to Jennifer, but he’s also loyal to his clients and he worked with Justin for years, he doesn’t feel he can just drop him right now.

“He’s kind of stuck in the middle and tries not to talk to Justin about Jennifer, he doesn’t want to make things more awkward than they already are.



“Jennifer doesn’t want to tell him who he can and can’t work with, but he’s seeing plenty of Justin now he’s spending most of his time in New York. It’s a real kick in the teeth for Jen, who’s always been pretty territorial with Chris and sees him as a trusted member of her social circle,” spilled the snitch to Radar exclusively.

McMillan shared a series of photographs of the actor, who is the face of Louis Vuitton, posing in an open black leather shirt on Instagram - a few months after their split at the end of January, before their official announcement.

He captioned one: "#series8 #louisvuitton @nicolasghesquiere @justintheroux," along with a love heart emoji.

Michelle Williams, after which the stars sat front row together at the Louis Vuitton show for Fashion Week, along with actress Emma Stone. Sources say he later met with Justin in Paris this month while working with actress, after which the stars sat front row together at the Louis Vuitton show for Fashion Week, along with actress

“Chris was with Michelle at the Hotel Le Bristol, she is also a face of Louis Vuitton, while Justin was at the Ritz with a friend, but they did come in contact during the stay, it was inevitable,” the insider said.

“He is still friendly with Justin and happy to work with him again, he just wants to keep things professional having been a part of a number of his campaigns.”

The hairdresser has worked with the star on several high profile projects, including a Terry Richardson ’s shoot New York, a cover for ICON Magazine and a fashion shoot in Bangkok to promote his HBO show, The Leftovers.

