www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6036983/Jennifer-Aniston-worried-Brad-Pitt-custody-battle-Angelina-Jolie.html

Caitlyn Hitt

Jennifer Aniston worried for Brad Pitt in Angelina Jolie fight

Jennifer Aniston is reportedly standing by Brad Pitt as he battles with ex-wife Angelina Jolie over custody of their children.

According to Hollywood Life, the former Friends actress feels terrible for her former husband. She’s struggling to imagine the pain he’s feeling as a father separated from his children.

A source told Hollywood Life: ‘Jen is feeling horrible for the fight Brad is involved in over custody of the kids with Angelina. Jen can’t imagine what it must be like to fight with someone as powerful as Angelina over your own kids.

Jennifer Aniston is rumored to be standing by ex-husband Brad Pitt's side through his battle with Angelina Jolie for custody of their children

Angelina Jolie filed documents with a court on Tuesday alleging that estranged husband Brad-Pitt hasn't paid any 'meaningful' child support since they split in 2016

‘Knowing Brad as well as she does, Jen is in agony over the pain Brad must be going through fighting with his ex just to be with his own kids. Jen thinks it’s shameful that Angelina cannot be more mature, put the kids needs first, and compromise with Brad on this important decision.’

Brad, 54, and Angelina called off their marriage in September 2016. They have been living separately and moving on with their lives, but are still struggling to reach an agreement related to custody.

In June, reports surfaced that Angelina might be losing primary custody of their kids. The judge allegedly made the decision because the 43-year-old actress was denying Brad time with their children.

The couple reached a temporary joint custody agreement, but need to come up with something permanent.

Brad Pitt child support

Brad Pitt is currently caught in a battle with Angelina Jolie.

According to NBC News, Angelina filed documents in a Los Angeles court on Tuesday that accused Brad of failing to pay any ‘meaningful’ child support during their divorce battle.

The documents read: ‘[Pitt] has a duty to pay child support. As of present, [Pitt] has paid no meaningful child support since separation.

‘Given the informal arrangements around the payment of the children’s expenses have not been regularly sustained by [Pitt] for over a year and a half, [Jolie] intends to file an RFO [Request for a court order] for the establishment of a retroactive child support order.’

Angelina Jolie 'can't see past her anger' towards Brad Pitt as exes are 'not even close' to settling divorce https://t.co/dciK6olXNY — Daily Mail Celebrity (@DailyMailCeleb) August 7, 2018

Jennifer Aniston InStyle

Jennifer Aniston joked with InStyle about getting back together with Brad Pitt, as well as reports she’s ‘heartbroken’after her split from Justin Theroux.

Asked what some common misconceptions about her are, she said: ‘The misconceptions are “Jen can’t keep a man”, and “Jen refuses to have a baby because she’s selfish and committed to her career.” Or that I’m sad and heartbroken.

‘First, with all due respect, I’m not heartbroken. And second, those are reckless assumptions. No one know what’s going on behind closed doors. No one considers how sensitive that might be for my partner and me. They don’t know what I’ve been through medically or emotionally.’

Jennifer Aniston spouse

In July, rumors were swirling that Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt secretly got remarried. The initial reports surfaced in InTouch Weekly magazine, claiming they tied the knot in a ‘backyard ceremony’ on what would have been the 18th anniversary of their initial wedding.

The couple first married on July 29, however.

InTouch Weekly claimed the duo ‘quietly rekindled their relationship earlier this year’ and felt it was time they ‘pledged their commitment to each other all over again’.

Gossip Cop quickly debunked these claims.

