www.etonline.com/jennifer-garner-stays-warm-with-intense-over-sized-scarf-see-the-pic-100639

Liz Calvario

Jennifer Garner Stays Warm With Intense Over-Sized Scarf -- See the Pic!

The sun may be shining in Los Angeles, but there's still a cool breeze.

Jennifer Garner stayed warm and cozy on Tuesday by wearing a multi-colored and oversized scarf (reminiscent of Lenny Kravitz's infamous outerwear he wore in 2012) while out with her gal pals in L.A. on her birthday. The former Alias star, who turned 46 this week, outfitted the knitted scarf with sporty black leggings, a gray zip-up jacket, red-white-and-blue sneakers and tortoiseshell shades. Her brunette tresses were up in a long ponytail and she carried a water bottle, coffee cup and her phone in one hand.

BG004/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images

Garner later revealed on Instagram that that the massive scarf was a birthday gift from her daughter Seraphina.

"When your nine year old weaves a 12ft long scarf on a peg loom for your birthday present, you’d better #werk #fashionfriday #thecarpoollineismyrunway #proudmom," she captioned another pic of her colorful fashion statement.

The actress appeared to have been in good spirits during her birthday, turning herself into a meme and taking to Instagram to thank everyone for their well wishes.

"I’m having the best birthday and so much of it is because of all of you. Thank you for the birthday love! ❤️❤️❤️," she wrote alongside the silly pic of herself doing her hair.

Undoubtedly, 46 will be a good year for Garner as she makes her return to television with the series Camping, will kick-ass in the spy-thrillerPeppermint, and continues to treat fans to all her wonderful Instagram videos and pics.

See what else Garner has up her sleeve in the video below.

Secret Behind Jennifer Garner's Favorite Workout! Embed Code Restart

RELATED CONTENT:

Jennifer Garner Celebrated Her Birthday By Turning Herself Into a Meme

Jennifer Garner Gets a Sweet Birthday Shout-Out From Her Culinary Idol Ina Garten

Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck Attend Church Together With Their Kids: Pics!

Related Gallery

