charlotterestaurantweek.iheart.com/content/2017-09-12-mariah-carey-french-montana-did-not-flirt-in-recording-studio/

Andrew Shuster

Mariah Carey & French Montana Did NOT Flirt In Recording Studio

Carey and Montana recently worked together on a remix of his hit single “Unforgettable,” and now Life & Style is claiming the two were all over each other during the process. A so-called “source” tells the magazine, “Mariah was hanging all over French. She sat on his lap, and at one point they even kissed! They weren’t trying to hide their PDA.”

A new tabloid report says there was heavy flirting going on between Mariah Carey and French Montana when the two recently collaborated in the recording studio. Gossip Cop looked into this claim about a possible hookup between the music artists, and we’ve exclusively learned the truth.

The outlet’s dubious insider goes on to say the rapper “was loving all the attention from Mariah,” who allegedly “jumped on French’s back as he carried her around.” The seemingly phony source further alleges the pair “left the studio together” when they finished recording and “definitely weren’t trying to hide anything.”

Of course, it’s common practice for the tabloids to romantically link musicians of the opposite sex who collaborate together, so Gossip Cop was hesitant to believe this latest alleged fling. Our doubts were confirmed after checking in with a rep for Carey, who exclusively tells us the outlet’s report is entirely “false.” We’re assured the singer wasn’t flirting with her colleague, nor did the two go home together.

Naturally, Life & Style isn’t the best source when it comes to finding accurate news about the singer. Gossip Cop previously busted the tabloid for making up a story about Carey hiring a speech therapist to teach her to speak with a British accent. GC also corrected the magazine after it falsely claimed Carey gives money to boyfriend Bryan Tanaka so he can buy her gifts. The publication’s latest article suggesting Carey and Montana are more than just collaborators is equally bogus.

Photo: AOL

