www.intouchweekly.com/posts/beyonce-jay-z-twins-difficult-delivery-135164

Megan Heintz

Beyoncé and JAY-Z Had a Drama-Filled Delivery During the Birth of Their Twins! (EXCLUSIVE)

Drama!

Beyoncé gave birth to twins — a boy and a girl — on Monday, June 12, but the delivery didn't go as smoothly as she and husband JAY-Z had planned.

Despite conducting trial runs with her security team, the day was chaotic — In Touch exclusively learned.

"There was a lot of drama, specifically with the Knowles family,” says a source. "Beyoncé made it clear that she wanted this day to run smoothly, but her family just did not listen."

MORE: Beyoncé and JAY-Z's Twins Are Still in the Hospital After Suffering "Minor" Medical Issue

The superstar, who stayed at UCLA Medical Center with her twins following an unspecified health issue, was reportedly furious.

"This was supposed to be one of the most touching and beautiful days of her life," adds the source. "But Beyoncé was so stressed out because of all the fighting."

Bey's estranged father, Mathew Knowles, was one of the day's biggest stressors. Her former manager called so often that sister Solange, 30, had to intervene. Their mom, Tina, also picked up the phone and had "some pretty harsh words for Mathew," says the source.

Back in May, In Touch reported that Beyoncé feared her dad would show up unannounced.

“She is fearful that he’ll show up uninvited like he did with [their five-year-old daughter] Blue. She doesn’t want him anywhere nearby on her special day. She fully expects everything to be perfect as they become a family of five,” said a source at the time.

The family “didn’t want him there because they don't trust him not to leak private information about the twins — or even worse, take photos."

In fact, Mathew announced the birth of his grandchildren before his daughter did, and the Beyhive was furious.

In an Instagram post, he captioned the photo, "They're here!"

MORE: Beyoncé Welcomes Twins With Jay Z, Blue Ivy Officially a Big Sister! (REPORT)

To add to the drama, there was also some tension between Tina and JAY-Z.

The 35-year-old "gave birth via a planned C-section, so only one person was allowed in the delivery room," says the source, adding that she chose her husband.

Tina, 63, then "got really salty and made a comment about Jay not being home for the hard parts of Beyoncé’s pregnancy. She ended up leaving the hospital for a breather."

Yet now that the babies are finally here, the family of five can relax.

“She is so relieved it’s all over and is so happy the twins are finally here,” says the source, adding that she and Jay, 47, have taken a ton of photos and videos that they plan to use in a future documentary. “Despite all the drama, she really feels like her life is perfect right now.”

For more on this story, pick up the latest issue of In Touch — and for more exclusive content sign up for our newsletter!

More From In Touch

Beyoncé's Twins Experienced the Ultimate Diva Delivery, Obviously (EXCLUSIVE)

Beyoncé Had a “Harder Time” With This Pregnancy, Source Claims

Beyoncé's Security Team Conducted Trial Runs for Twins' Birth (EXCLUSIVE)

