www.albawaba.com/entertainment/justin-bieber-and-finace-hailey-baldwin-want-tie-knot-next-year-1173066



Justin Bieber and Finace Hailey Baldwin Want to Tie the Knot Next Year

Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin are waiting until next year to tie the knot, despite getting engaged last month.

According to TMZ, the pair have decided to postpone their wedding until 2019, as they don't want to 'put pressure' on themselves and rush the big day.

Justin, 24, and his model girlfriend, 21, are still excited about becoming man and wife, but feel making the 'commitment' to each other is what really matters.

Holding off: Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin are waiting until next year to tie the knot, despite getting engaged last month (pictured in July)

A source told the site: 'Justin and Hailey are waiting until sometime next year to tie the knot as they feel they've made the commitment, and that's the most important thing.'

While the couple have faced criticism for getting engaged so quickly, the source revealed the pop star is sure Hailey is the one, having been besotted with her for many years.

The insider continued: 'Justin's been in love with her for a long time, so this didn't just come from out of the blue.'

Taking it slow: According to new reportes, the pair have decided to postpone their wedding until 2019, as they don't want to 'put pressure' on themselves and rush the big day

MailOnline has contacted both Justin and Hailey's representatives for further comment.

Justin proposed to Hailey, who is the daughter of actor and producer Stephen Baldwin, during a trip to the Bahamas last month.

After two days of swirling rumours, the Sorry hitmaker went on to confirm the news to fans on Instagram, with a sweet tribute to his blonde beauty.

He wrote: 'Was gonna wait a while to say anything but word travels fast, listen plain and simple Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you!

'So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindLY. I promise to lead our family with honor and integrity letting Jesus through his Holy Spirit guide us in everything we do and every decision we make.

'My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS and I will ALWAYS put you first! You are the love of my life Hailey Baldwin and I wouldn't want to spend it with anybody else.'

Justin and Hailey have known each other since 2009 as members of the Hillsong Church, which they regularly attend together in LA.

However, eyebrows were raised over the pair's engagement, considering the pop star only split from Selena Gomez in March.

Justin dated the pop diva, 26, on and off for seven years, enduring numerous break-ups and reconciliations, with the most recent taking place in November 2017.

Want more content like this?

Top 5 is your sugar fix for celebrity, music and pop-culture from the Middle East? Watch and subscribe here.

'Jagal!?' Top 5 Male Models in Arabic Music Videos

