www.christianpost.com/news/kaley-cuoco-pregnant-big-bang-actress-and-husband-purchase-home-126604/



Kaley Cuoco Pregnant? 'Big Bang Theory' Actress and Husband Buy New Home

Kaley Cuoco Pregnant? 'Big Bang Theory' Actress and Husband Buy New Home

Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin

Is Kaley Cuoco pregnant?

There are rumors that "The Big Bang Theory" actress is getting ready to start a family with her husband, Ryan Sweeting. The couple has just bought Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom's former home in Tarzana, California, and according to reports, they have converted what used to be Odom's man cave into a nursery.

Though Cuoco is not pregnant as of the moment, fans of the actress are supporting her if ever she does decide to have a baby anytime soon. For now, Cuoco is busy filming the eighth season of "The Big Bang Theory" and caring for her dogs. The actress is also a known advocate for animal rights and adoption of rescue dogs, and she has been seen frequenting events which support those causes.

Recently, the actress made headlines when she successfully secured a new contract for the show, with the actress now set to earn $1 million per episode. Her cast mates Johnny Galecki and Jim Parsons were also able to negotiate their contracts for the same amount of money.

Though she's now one of the highest paid actresses on television, she appears to still enjoy going out and about on her usual activities. On Monday, Cuoco was seen in a flowing pink maxi dress while leaving her yoga class in Los Angeles. She was seen carrying three bags, a rolled-up yoga mat, and a lime green water bottle. Her hair, which is cut in a pixie style, appeared to be slightly damp after her workout.

In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, she explained the need for her drastic makeover as the actress is known for her flowing blonde locks.

"I talked to the producers [of Big Bang Theory], I have this idea to cut my hair and I cut it really short but it was for a movie over the summer," said Cuoco. "I had a talk with the writers who loved it and they were great about it and they said 'I think it will be a great change for Penny and the show.' They were really cool about it and on my side when they wrote it in, so I got lucky!"

