www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/paris-jackson-boyfriend-tyler-green-148370

Life, Style Magazine

Paris Jackson's Boyfriend Tyler Green Is Bad News, According to Her Family

Uh-oh. Paris Jackson got cozy with Aussie model Tyler Green during the Melbourne Cup horse race in November, and her famous family isn’t exactly moonwalking with delight. They fear the pairing could spell trouble for the 19-year-old model, who’s struggled with sobriety in the past.

“Paris’ family worries she’ll start partying again because of Tyler,” an insider exclusively tells Life & Style. Tyler, 25, has bragged about his wild ways on Instagram, posting about months of “far too much drinking” and praising “bottomless red wine and pure debauchery.”

(Photo Credit: Splash)

Despite those red flags, Paris — who’s admitted to attending Alcoholics Anonymous meetings and who says she was suicidal after the death of dad Michael Jackson — is smitten. “Paris is trying to walk the straight and narrow, but she’s also looking for fun,” notes the insider. “She makes her own decisions, but her family wants her to make the right ones.”

Paris’ family’s concerns about her latest romance come months after she finally called it quits with on-and-off boyfriend Michael Snoddy. Back in February, a source told Us Weekly that the duo broke up after less than a year of dating. Though the insider said that Paris could end up reconciling with Michael in the future, they also said that the aspiring actress was more focused on her career than her love life.

“It appears that Paris and Michael have parted ways for now, but their future is uncertain,” the source said, adding that Paris was very excited about her guest role on Fox’s TV drama Star. “She is doing well, enjoying being on set with Lee Daniels and focusing her energy on the opportunities ahead.”

While she has yet to make her relationship with Tyler Instagram official, Paris did post a telling quote about love on Oct. 23: “People say love ism blind because they do not know what love is. I say unto you, only love has eyes; other than love, everything is blind.”

For more exclusive celebrity news, pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now!

