www.irishmirror.ie/showbiz/celebrity-news/cara-delevingne-deleted-storm-models-5986712

Katy Forrester, Image, Getty Splash

Cara Delevingne DELETED from Storm Models website after 'ditching the agency to focus on acting'

Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Cara Delevingne has been deleted from the Storm Models website after reportedly dropping the agency to focus on her acting career.

The 22-year-old star, who was signed as a fresh-faced 15-year-old, became one of the biggest supermodels on the globe and was known as the 'new Kate Moss', who has been represented by the agency since she was a teenager.

According to The Sun newspaper, the agency's boss, Sarah Doukas, is disappointed to have lost the star, who is now hoping to make it in Hollywood after bagging a number of film roles.

A source said: "Cara left Storm a month ago but it's been kept very much on the down-low.

"Sarah was gutted to lose her huge cash cow — Cara's now one of the biggest models in the world with huge earning potential from brands. But Cara wants to do what makes her happy and fulfils her. She knows that's not modelling in the long term."

All of the actress's projects will now be dealt with by American agency William Morris and it seems Storm have been quick to cut ties by deleting her from the main board of models they represent on their website.

Brit Cara is taking control of her career and is currently filming Suicide Squad, based on the DC Comics, in Toronto, in which she plays the character Enchantress.

However, she is believed to have not fully quit her modelling career yet with major fashion houses now having to go through William Morris instead of Storm Models as she fronts a number of campaigns.

Taking a swipe at the modelling industry, she recently told Vogue magazine : "The thrill of acting is making a character real. Modeling is the opposite of real. It's being fake in front of the camera."

The Paper Towns actress also admitted she is still working on her craft but insists acting is her passion and she's determined to make it in the movie world.

Cara said: "I probably should learn how to act. I've charmed my way through it so far. Maybe I'll 'suck' but maybe I won't." She seems to be brilliant at everything so we don't think she needs to worry.

Mirror Celeb has contacted Storm Models for a comment.

