www.brides.com/story/celebrity-wedding-guest-dresses

Jamie Cuccinelli

From Beyoncé to Selena Gomez, Here's What 25 Celebrities Wore to Their Friends' Weddings

Red carpet events and movie premieres aren't the only parties celebrities score invites to. Save-the-dates and wedding invitations are also delivered to the Hollywood mailboxes of celebs. And just like us normie wedding guests, these A-listers have to figure out what the hell to wear! But choosing an outfit that's fabulous enough to wear to watch their besties say I do seems to come easy to these style stars. Need proof? Check out what these 25 celebrities wore as wedding guests.

We already look to celebrity brides for wedding dress inspiration (ahem, Kate Middleton's long lace sleeves), so why shouldn't we do the same with wedding guest looks? After all, whether it's Selena Gomez at the wedding of her TV brother David Henrie, Emily Blunt at the high-profile nuptials of George and Amal Clooney, or Kim Kardashian at the I dos of a swanky club owner, these famous wedding guests always serve up serious style inspo. The Duchess of Cambridge herself even proved that she can look wedding-ready when she's not the one walking down the aisle. Remember when she was wedding guest goals at the nuptials of her sis Pippa Middleton?

Take a look below to see the fiercely fashion-forward outfits your favorite celebrities wore to the weddings of their famous friends.

Robino Salvatore

At Amal and George Clooney's gorgeous Italian wedding, the guest list was obviously star-studded. Celebs like Matt Damon, Bono, Anna Wintour, and Bill Murray all jetted off to Venice for the nuptials. But it was Emily Blunt on the arm of her hubby, John Krasinski, who scored a gold style star with her embellished blue dress.

It was a Wizards of Waverly Place reunion at the wedding of actor David Henrie. Selena Gomez arrived in a floor-length burgundy gown with a high neckline.

Jennifer Lawrence was summer wedding perfection in the shimmering lilac slip dress she wore to her BFF's wedding in Tuscany.

Getty Images

When Pippa Middleton tied the knot, the guest list was pure royalty. Princess Charlotte served as flower girl, Prince George took on pageboy duties, and their mom, the Duchess of Cambridge, was the ultimate wedding guest in her peach frock and matching hat.

Getty Images

At the Miami nuptials of club owner Dave Grutman and his love, Isabela Rangel, the guest list gleaned an extra dose of glam when the Kardashian-West duo rolled up to the scene. West kept things classic in a dapper black suit, while Kardashian dressed in a sultry black dress that certainly wasn't short on the cleavage or curve-hugging sex appeal. Well, at least she didn't wear white, right?

Kris Jenner may have officiated the nuptials of Colton Haynes and Jeff Leatham, but the officiant wasn't the only celeb in the room. Modern Family stars Sofia Vergara and Jesse Tyler Ferguson partied it up at the couple's reception, with Vergara looking super chic in her all-black ensemble that featured a shiny cropped corset and a skirt made for dancing.

Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen glammed it up as guests at the posh wedding of fashion blogger Colby Johnson and art collector Alberto Mugrabi in the South of France. The fashion-designer twins rocked an off-the-shoulder midi dress with a large white lapel and an intricately-embellished dark green gown for the occasion.

At the same extravagant event, model Karlie Kloss stunned in a beige lace number.

Victoria's Secret Angel Vita Sidorkina had a positively heavenly guest list when she wed Italian millionaire Valerio Morabito this summer, and her fashion girl guests looked just too cool. Dutch models Iris Van Berne and Melissa Tammerijn and U.S. model Madison Headrick wore sexy slip gowns and flower crowns.

Photo by Carrie Patterson

The cast of Glee headed to Jackson Hole, Wyoming, to reunite for their costar Becca Tobin's wedding, and one of these gleeful guests earned the MVP when it came to wedding guest style. Lea Michele schooled everyone in winter wedding style in her ruby red gown and oversized blazer.

Reese Witherspoon donned a fabulous floral frock for the wedding of Modern Family star Sofia Vergara. Pairing her black dress with a red lip, Witherspoon looked perfectly polished.

Victoria Beckham pulled double wedding duty at the nuptials of her bestie Eva Longoria. Beckham not only designed the bride's flawlessly fitted wedding dress, but she also took over the dance floor with her hubby at the reception. And of course, Beckham did it all while looking effortlessly elegant in her navy blue strapless gown.

Holy shoulders! The heavily embellished bodice of the frock Chrissy Teigen rocked to Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's elaborate wedding weekend had glam gladiator vibes.

At the wedding of her friend and stylist, Rihanna needed an outfit fly enough to impress this fashion-pro bride. No sweat. Rhianna chose a lilac silk kimono wrap dress with orange lotus flowers.

Only Beyoncé can get away with wearing white to a wedding! Queen Bey, in a cream and gold-trimmed wrap dress, and her dancing partner (Blue Ivy, of course) twirled around the reception dance floor at the celebration.

When actress Jessica Chastain wed Italian fashion executive Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, a whole collection of A-listers descended upon Italy for the nuptials. Among the stylish set was Anne Hathaway in a pink Valentino dress practically made for summer weddings.

Aca-awesome! Rebel Wilson was beautiful in blush at the wedding of her Pitch Perfect costars Anna Camp and Skylar Astin.

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez took another step in their relationship this summer when they attended a wedding together in New York City. J.Lo slayed in a form-fitting teal gown that featured a plunging neckline and high collar, and completed the look with her signature hoops.

See More: 45 Times Celebrities Were Bridesmaids

Cue Hilary Duff's "Coming Clean!" Lauren Conrad attended the wedding of her former Laguna Beach costar Dieter Schmitz wearing a simple pale pink slip dress.

Mariah Carey went from bride-to-be to wedding guest following her 2016 split with fiancé James Packer. But that doesn't mean that the diva was any less stylish at a January 2017 wedding in London. Carey arrived on the arm of backup dancer Bryan Tanaka and in a low-cut lingerie-inspired black dress, complete with a thigh-high slit and strappy black heels.

Just days after welcoming baby number two, Blake Lively made for an epic wedding guest at her friend's wedding at New York City's Tribeca Rooftop. Lively kept things simple and chic in an all-black ensemble with fur trim.

Getty Images

