hollywoodlife.com/2016/03/01/kardashians-banned-from-oscars-party-drunk-behavior-kris-jenner/

Alyssa Montemurro

Kardashian Family Banned From Oscar Party Over ‘Drunk,’ Messy Behavior — Report

Whoa. Did the Kardashians get banned from one of the biggest Oscar pre-parties of the year?! A shocking new report claims that the reality superstars were actually forbidden from entering the Raleigh Studios’ ‘Night Before’ extravaganza this year after getting in trouble for their ‘drunk,’ messy behavior in years past. Ouch!

When Hollywood’s biggest stars hit the red carpet at the Oscar pre-parties on Feb. 27, we couldn’t help but notice that a couple famous faces were noticeably missing from the A-list lineup: of course, we’re talking about the Kardashian/Jenner clan! The Internet-breaking family was a no-show at the Raleigh Studios annual pre-party, and as it turns out, it had nothing to do with their busy schedules. In fact, a shocking new report claims that the women were actually BANNED from the VIP festivities after raising eyebrows with their “drunk” behavior in years past! Well, this certainly doesn’t look good for the brand!





Despite being some of the biggest names in Hollywood, the Kardashians were reportedly not welcome at the annual “Night Before” party at Raleigh Studios after displaying what some claimed was some pretty unacceptable behavior, according to a new Star magazine report. The reality TV stars were allegedly all denied an invite to the star-studded event — Leonardo DiCaprio, Sylvester Stalone, Kerry Washington and Alicia Vikander were among those who did make the cut, in case you were wondering — after a source tells the outlet Kris Jenner rubbed some people the wrong way with her sloppy behavior at a previous party. “Kris Jenner went years ago and got drunk and no one liked that,” the insider explained to the magazine. HollywoodLife.com has reached out for further comment.

Yikes! How bad could her behavior have been to get her entire family banned from the event? While it’s no secret that Kris is a fan of her vodka drinks — it’s been a running storyline on Keeping Up With The Kardashians for several seasons now — it’s well-known that the majority of her daughters aren’t big on drinking, which makes this whole thing seem rather unfair, don’t you think?

In fact, in it was Khloe Kardashian who recently opened up about her family’s sober ways, admitting that while she and Kris may love their cocktails, the same doesn’t necessarily hold true for the rest of the family. “Kimberly does not drink alcohol whatsoever,” Khloe told Elle magazine. “Pregnant or not, she’s just never been into it. Kendall and Kylie are not into it. Even when Kendall goes to Europe where the drinking age is 18, she’s never—Kendall’s really focused and determined.

“Kourtney used to drink a lot more in college and probably before she had kids. She’s literally been pregnant for, like, six years or breastfeeding, so I think that has obviously changed her life now,” she continued. “My mom has a drink every night with dinner. That’s her thing, and that’s what she loves to do. I don’t like the taste of alcohol like that, so if I drink, I drink for intent. Like, I don’t care to just have a glass of wine. No, I want to get f**king buzzed or drunk. That’s the point!”





Still, that’s not to say that the Kardashians haven’t had their sloppy moments in years past. In fact, it was in a recent episode of KUWTK that we saw a totally wasted Khole go off on Kris during her spectacular Great Gatsby-themed 60th birthday party. In the episode, Kris was just about to give a speech thanking all of her friends and family for celebrating with her when KoKo ripped the mic out of her hand and said, “no one cares about her f**king speech.” Yikes! Maybe there was a good reason to ban the Kardashians after all.

HollywoodLifers, what do you think about the Kardashians reportedly getting banned from the Oscar pre-party? Sound off in the comments below!

