www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2017/12/billy-bush-donald-trump-access-hollywood-op-ed-colbert

Condé Nast, Laura Bradle

Stephen Colbert Doesn’t Let Billy Bush Off the Hook

As Billy Bush sat across from Stephen Colbert on Monday’s Late Show, the audience’s reaction was muted; after a few seconds, their applause could barely be heard. It’s understandable: Bush has been a divisive figure at best since that infamous Access Hollywood tape, on which Donald Trump boasted about groping women while Bush laughed along.

On Sunday, Bush published a New York Times op-ed about the tape, emphasizing its veracity—and saying that he believes the women who have accused Trump of sexual misconduct, women the White House has broadly branded as liars. Since then, a debate has raged regarding whether Bush should have a second chance in the public eye.

His Late Show audience, at least, didn’t seem fully on board with Bush’s apology tour, remaining largely somber during his appearance—even as Bush once more affirmed the truth of the tape, despite Trump recently suggesting the opposite.

“I would also like to say that’s not me on the bus,” Bush joked to Colbert, before addressing Trump: “You don’t get to say that, because I was there, and the last 14 months of my life I have been dealing with it. You dealt with it for 14 minutes and went on to be the president.”

As powerful men across several industries continue to face allegations of sexual abuse, the idea of a Bush redemption tour might seem unnecessary and, perhaps, even counter-productive. No, Bush’s actions were not criminal; he did not sexually harass or mistreat any women himself. But his laughter on the tape represents, to some, the very culture of abuse that allowed Trump to ascend to the presidency. Why should he be welcomed back to the spotlight?

While Colbert was careful to avoid lobbing too many softballs, he also stopped short of frankly posing that question. He did play a recording of the tape for Bush, who said that it’s still a “gut punch” now to hear himself react the way he did to Trump’s words in 2005. Notably, neither man dared utter the words “locker-room talk” throughout the interview. Still, it was hard not to remember Trump’s dismissive label as Bush said, “I sort of equated what he was saying to some kind of crass stand-up act. Like, you know, an Andrew Dice Clay performance. You figure, well that’s not Dice when he’s home. He doesn’t actually do those things.”

