www.elle.com/uk/life-and-culture/culture/a20880463/jenna-dewan-dance-off-jlo-world-of-dance-trailer-nick-jonas/

Katie O'Malley

Watch Jenna Dewan Sizzle In Dance Off With J.Lo In 'World Of Dance' Trailer

We know all too well the struggle of squeezing into lycra on a hot summer’s day. And don’t get us started on what we look like when we attempt to wriggle into a wetsuit (the image of Free Willy comes to mind...).

However, one person who appears to have no problem with donning clothing of the skin-tight variety is Hollywood star Jenna Dewan, and we are in awe.

Last night, the newly single dancer/actress posted a video of herself dancing with her World Of Dance judges and let’s just say, she’s looking h-o-t.

In the clip, the mother-of-one - who recently announced her split from husband of eight years Channing Tatum - can be seen spinning, throwing her leg up in the air, and slapping her derrière.

For the dance-off, the star's blunt cropped hair-do has been styled into wet-look curls, which is perfectly complemented by her silver-hued smokey eyeshadow and pillar-box red lip.

In the clip, she also dances with Dancing With The Stars alum, Derek Hough, who spins the Step Up star upside down. ‘YA’LL we had so much fun making this for you!!!’ Dewan captioned the video.

The star’s post comes days after singer Nick Jonas was caught innocently flirting with the 37-year-old on Instagram following the Billboard Music Awards.

In a post of her outfit from the night, Dewan captioned the snap 'Billboard Awards- 'twas such a fun night!!! Thank you for having me! #bbmas', prompting the crooner to comment 'Twas. 'Twasn't it.'

Even Jenna’s stylist, Brad Goreski, was quick to pick up on the not-so-subtle flirtation tactic. ‘Omg nick Jonas commented!!!!’ he gushed.

In another promo for the NBC show posted by Jennifer Lopez, the Bronx-born singer busts a move in an oversized ‘JLo’ emblazoned sports jersey, much to the delight of her co-stars Dewan, Hough and singer Ne-Yo.

Ladies, fancy teaching us some of your moves?

