www.mtv.com/news/1706996/selena-gomez-justin-bieber-relationship-crazy-intense/

Jocelyn Vena

Selena Gomez Calls Justin Bieber Relationship 'Crazy And Very Intense'

If you've been following the many ups and downs of the Selena Gomez/Justin Bieber relationship from the outside, you might be feeling the side effects of every twist and turn the relationship takes. So, you can only imagine what it feels like for the "Come & Get It" singer, who's experiencing it all with the whole world watching.

Gomez is opening up about her on-again, off-again (probably on-again) relationship with Bieber in the new issue of InStyle, describing it as "crazy and very intense."

She added, "It's uncomfortable that everywhere I go, people know. I don't like that. But Justin and I never really focused on the attention. You can't help who you date. So I wouldn't swear off that or say that's what I want again. I don't know. I'm a kid, and a breakup is normal. I have to go through the emotions and feel it out. I'm doing my own thing, being with my friends, and he's doing very well too."

But before they may have rekindled their romance, Gomez recorded "Love Will Remember," for her 2013 album release. And, she confirms that the tune was inspired by her breakup with Bieber. She says in the issue, out May 17, "That's the most personal track on the record, for sure. I think it's a sweet way of releasing it. It's not an aggressive approach to what people are probably expecting... I'm sure he'll love it too."

For More On Selena In InStyle, Head Over To MTV Style!

The 20-year-old released her sensual new video for "Come & Get It" Tuesday night and sat down with MTV News to chat about her more mature image and how the Anthony Mandler-directed clip shows her artistic evolution.

"It was fun for me to have a little more creative control over it," she said, adding she attributes her growth to Britney Spears in part. "I think she's one of the best that made that transition. That video ["Slave 4 U"] is so hot, it's incredible, so I love that, and I definitely wanted to do that with my transition, but I don't think there's a path you have to follow. I think you just have to figure it out and hope for the best, so if it has a similarity, that's only a compliment."

