www.cambridge-news.co.uk/news/uk-world-news/posh-becks-split-beckhams-divorce-14760761

Abigail Rabbett, Image, Pa

Posh and Becks could be set to split - Twitter rumours start to surface

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Twitter speculation was rife as rumours spread that Posh and Becks are set to split.

The former Spice Girl married the world renowned footballer in 1999.

David and Victoria Beckham have four children - Brooklyn, 19, Romeo, 15, Cruz, 13, and Harper, six.

Posh Spice bumped into the Manchester United footballer 21 years ago at a charity football match.

It is not yet confirmed whether the famous couple will be parting ways, but people are already losing their minds on Twitter.

Naaah is this posh and becks story truee...i love them — Tiff.Any (@ichenique) June 8, 2018

Pep Harris tweeted: "Can't believe what I've just read. If Posh and Becks split up, what hope have the rest of us got? What a day..."

Another wrote: "Not Posh and Becks please, there's no hope."

There is no suggestion that the couple are suffering marriage problems.

Just this morning, Victoria shared a picture of herself cuddling Harper and said: "We love and miss you @davidbeckham."

The Mirror reports that bookmakers have suspended betting on Victoria and David Beckham splitting up.

The news about Posh and Becks comes out of the blue after almost 19 years of marriage.

Paddy Power has now shockingly stopped the public from placing bets that their marriage is over.

The News has approached the Beckhams' spokespeople for comment.

(Image: PA)

The bookmaker is offering odds on who Becks could strike up a relationship with next.

They are offering odds of 3/1 on Welsh opera singer Katherine Jenkins becoming the next Mrs Beckham.

Meanwhile, Hollywood stars Angelina Jolie and Jennifer Aniston are 4/1 and 6/1 respectively to be next in line.

While Rebecca Loos, who admitted to having an alleged affair with Beckham in 2004, is rated as 100/1 to score with Golden Balls.

"We’ve decided to suspend betting on the separation between Posh and Becks," a Paddy Power spokesman told Mirror Online.

Last month, while attending the royal wedding , the former Spice Girl oozed unhappy vibes as she arrived at Windsor Castle with husband David, failing to crack a smile, even for the cameras.

But the 44-year-old poked fun at her frown, revealing how she really felt behind her icy glare.

Despite reports she was in a nark because Becks had allegedly had a night on the town with a bunch of pretty brunettes the evening before, VB previously insisted her look wasn't one of abject misery, but of peaceful relief.

It was announced this morning the pair will be selling off their royal wedding outfits to raise money for the Manchester Arena Bomb Fund.

(Image: PA)

Manchester United legend and former England captain David Beckham wore a custom-made charcoal grey Dior Homme morning suit with his initials sewn into the lining.

Former Spice Girl and fashion designer Victoria opted for a navy blue dress from her upcoming new collection.

Updates can be found by clicking here.

