www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/gwen-stefani-shuts-down-rumours-12194615

Jessica Gibb, Rose Hill, Image, Gc Images, Instagram, Rex Shutterstock, Getty Images, Nijo

Gwen Stefani shuts down rumours she was 'dumped' by Blake Shelton over 'jealousy and drama' with loved-up snap

Get the biggest soaps stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Gwen Stefani has shut down rumours she's been "dumped" by Blake Shelton.

The No Doubt singer took to Instagram to share a picture of her country singer beau kissing her cheek.

The loved-up snap is a clear message that their relationship is still on - after claims she was dumped over "jealousy and drama" to do with her ex-husband Gavin Rossdale.

"Blake’s through with Gwen’s neediness and all the drama: her demanding, critical ex-husband and her jealousy of him and other women," a source told In Touch Weekly .

“She told him she didn’t want to spend her life in fear of her famous partner cheating on her."

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

(Image: GC Images)

(Image: Instagram)

The source added: "Blake told Gwen that he was going to be doing the latter part of the month-long Country Freaks Tour without her," said the source.

"Gwen was so used to accompanying him on tour, she was upended. After their nastiest argument ever, Blake took off without even saying goodbye. It was a real breaking point in the relationship."

Mirror Online has contacted Gwen's representative for comment.

Last year, her ex-husband Gavin revealed that he and Gwen went through "so much counselling" in a bid to save their marriage.

The 51-year-old former Voice coach split up from the No Doubt singer in 2013 after 13 years of marriage. The couple finalised their divorce in April 2016.

Appearing on Loose Women , Gavin said that they had tried desperately hard to save their marriage.

Gavin said: "We had so much counselling, so much counselling, I could be a counsellor.

“I tried, I tried hard but that’s the way it goes.

(Image: REX/Shutterstock)

(Image: Getty Images)

“But when you look at it, in a weird way, there are no accidents. “Life works out how it should and I made sure I did everything I could so that if I was sat here two years on, I know I tried everything I could as opposed to being steadfast or arrogant or assuming I didn’t need help or we didn’t need help.

“I kind of embraced the help.”

The couple have three sons with Gwen - Kingston, 11, Zuma, nine and Apollo, three.

(Image: NIJO)

Gavin is now dating German model Sophia Thomalla, 27, while Gwen is dating Blake Shelton, 41.

When asked whether he had told his children about his girlfriend, he said that they hadn't.

He revealed: "Not yet no. [We’ve had] a bit of FaceTime to ease it in you know.”

