www.itechpost.com/articles/53422/20161113/selena-gomez-justin-bieber-back-together-couple-secretly-married-caribbean.htm

Itech Post

Selena Gomez And Justin Bieber Back Together; Couple Secretly Got Married In The Caribbean?

Selena Gomez And Justin Bieber Back Together; Couple Secretly Got Married In The Caribbean?

Close

Selena Gomez has been controversial the past couple of months and was on the spotlight despite deciding to take a break from work and has been nowhere to be found ever since. She is currently undergoing treatment for anxiety and depression but Justin Bieber allegedly keeps on visiting her at rehab, and the coupe are now reportedly married.

Did Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Get Back Together While She Was In Rehab?

Despite Selena's family's insistent warning towards Justin to stay away from Selena while she is trying to get better, the two reportedly just couldn't be kept apart from each other. Despite having had a girlfriend and already after breaking up with Selena, Justin still cares for her and even constantly visits her in rehab where she is undergoing treatment for the side effects of lupus. Thus, these constant visits have reportedly led to the couple getting back together and even reportedly getting secretly married in the Caribbean.

However, it looks like their marriage has not come as a surprise for everyone since they have been going back and forth with their relationship. This only means there is definitely a high chance that the two would find their way to each other's arms once more. Despite Justin being the alleged reason for Selena's meltdown, he continues to pursue her nevertheless. They are now even planning to move to Canada or anywhere far from Los Angeles so they can start a life together.

Selena Gomez Allegedly Secretly Married Justin Bieber In The Caribbean?

Some reports have claimed that even after everything that happened in their relationship, including the alleged cheating scandal, Selena was still open to marrying Justin if he proposes. Thus, a secret wedding may have already happened as Selena takes advantage of the time she decided to stay away from the media. There has been too much drama in their relationship already that they have gone through so much, perhaps this is precisely why they both decided it was time to tie the knot and dive into a "happy-ever-after."

Sign Up for the ITECHPOST Newsletter Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter

© 2019 ITECHPOST, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.

