www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/who-is-brad-pitt-dating-today-146596

Life, Style Magazine

Who Is Brad Pitt Dating Today? Details on His Love Life in 2017

Shortly after Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from Brad Pitt in September 2016, the actor was painted as an alcoholic with an anger problem. But these days, he isn’t letting his ex’s antics get him down — and it may be due to the fact that he’s dating again!

As Life & Style previously reported, Angelina was making it hard for Brad to see his six children — Maddox, 16, Pax, 13, Zahara, 12, Shiloh, 11, and twins Vivienne and Knox, 9 — over the holidays. “Angie is using the kids as pawns against him,” an insider explains. “Brad knows he can’t count on scheduled days with the kids because Angie has changed the plans abruptly at the last minute multiple times.”

Though the old Brad may have responded in a fit of rage, he calmly thanked her for keeping him informed. “There are two choices for Brad,” the insider notes. “Fight back and get angry every time she pulls a stunt, which would only impacts the kids, or handle it like a mature adult. If that means he won’t see the kids as much or at the holidays, he has made peace with it.”

This attitude adjustment could be a result of the 53-year-old’s new social life. According to In Touch, Brad has become smitten with a 21-year-old British actress named Ella Purnell — who, interestingly enough, played a young Angelina in 2014’s Maleficent. He even cast her in his upcoming Starz series, Sweetbitter.

“Brad had Ella in mind from the get-go. He went out of his way to cast her,” a source explained. “Ella is incredibly flattered by all the attention she’s getting from Brad. She’s told friends he’s always been her No. 1 celebrity crush.”

Australian magazine New Idea is also reporting that Brad has become involved with Monaco princess, Charlotte Casiraghi, 31. “No one could believe it when we saw them together,” an alleged onlooker told the outlet. “There have been rumors circulating for weeks that Brad has moved on with a new woman, but no one was ready to see him hand-in-hand with royalty from Monaco.”

For more info on Brad’s holiday plans, pick up the current issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now!

