metro.co.uk/2018/04/16/kristen-stewart-shares-kiss-with-girlfriend-stella-maxwell-amid-rumours-shes-reconnected-with-ex-beau-robert-pattinson-7471635/

Abigail Gillibrand

Kristen Stewart kisses model girlfriend Stella Maxwell at Coachella

Kristen Stewart is spotted kissing her girlfriend Stella at Coachella (Picture: MEGA, Rex/Shutterstock)

Kristen Stewart and her Victoria Secret’s Angel girlfriend, Stella Maxwell, are known for keeping their relationship on the down low.

They have been dating ever since 2015, but only revealed they were an item a whole year after rumours started to circulate that they were seeing each other.

However, despite the hush around their romance, all of this seems to have gone out of the window at Coachella, as the pair are spotted putting on a passionate display of PDA.

What happens at Coachella stays at Coachella, right?

The couple had been hanging out with friends all day, but it looks like they’d been able to sneak away from the crowds and grab a moment alone as they were pictured together perched under a tree.

The pair have been dating since 2015 and generally keep their relationship under wraps (Picture: MEGA)

While enjoying each other’s company, the pair shared a kiss before heading back off to the festival to enjoy the rest of Saturday’s evening.

Advertisement

Advertisement

This photo has emerged after Kristen was rumoured to be meeting up with her ex flame Robert Pattinson.

The 28-year-old and her former Twilight co-star were allegedly spotted by fans having a drink together at a bar in California.

Five years after their massively public split, onlookers took to Twitter to share the news that they had finally reconciled.

However, it has recently been rumoured that Kristen has been meeting up with her ex flame Robert Pattinson (Picture: Getty Images)

One fan tweeted: ‘Was just at bar enjoying my friends birthday and in comes Robert Pattinson which blew my twilight mind up, and then Kristen Stewart walked in and now I’m reliving my highschool twilight fantasies.’

While some questioned whether it was true, someone shared that the place was so tiny it would have been ‘rude’ to take a snap. But enough fans tweeted the sighting that it appears to have been legitimate.

Twihards don’t get your hopes up though on the pair reigniting their relationship, as Kristen officially came out last year during an episode of SNL, where she revealed she is ‘like, so gay’.

Speaking with People on her decision to come out during the show, she said: ‘Considering I had so many eyes on me, I suddenly realized [my private life] affects a greater number of people than just me.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘It was an opportunity to surrender a bit of what was mine, to make even one other person feel good about themselves.’

She added: ‘It just seemed important, and topical.’

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Cardi B runs out of breath during Coachella performance as she jokes about how she got pregnant

MORE: Justin Bieber dances like no one’s watching at Coachella following ‘altercation’

