www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5217017/Miley-Cyrus-Liam-Hemsworth-start-family-2018.html

Daily Mail Australia Reporter

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth 'to start a family in 2018'

They met on the set of the 2009 film The Last Song, when they were both teenagers.

And Miley Cyrus, 25, and Liam Hemsworth, 27, have overcome numerous ups and downs in their relationship over the years to reach the stability they enjoy today.

The high-profile couple is now ready for 2018 to be 'the year they start a family', according to an NW magazine report on Thursday.

Clucky: Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are ready for 2018 to be 'the year they start a family', according to an NW magazine report on Thursday

The publication claimed after the lovebirds spent time with boxer friend Victor Ortiz's baby son Royal, they agreed 'over Christmas to start a family of their own'.

'They've wanted a baby for ages, but the timing was never right,' a family friend of the Hemsworth's allegedly revealed.

'But now they feel as ready as they'll ever be,' the 'source' continued.

Family ties: The publication claimed after the lovebirds spent time with boxer friend Victor Ortiz's baby son Royal, they agreed 'over Christmas to start a family of their own'

'They've wanted a baby for ages, but the timing was never right,' a family friend of the Hemsworth's allegedly revealed

Miley has reportedly been 'preparing her body for a possible pregnancy' for the past year, giving up alcohol and marijuana.

'She told Liam she's ready to make getting pregnant a top priority,' the 'insider' added.

Reportedly 'thrilled' by his fiancée's announcement, Liam 'quickly volunteered' to be a stay-at-home father and 'take the midnight feeds'.

'She told Liam she's ready to make getting pregnant a top priority,' the 'insider' added

The couple twice broke up in 2010, announced their engagement in 2012 then called it off in 2013, and became engaged again in 2016.

During their time apart, they both saw other people, with Liam spotted hooking up with Mexican actor Eiza Gonzalez and Miley dating Patrick Schwarzenegger.

Daily Mail Australia has contacted Liam Hemsworth and Miley Cyrus' representatives for comment.

