www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/7107700/victoria-beckham-reality-tv-show-fashion/

Dan Cain

Victoria Beckham ‘in talks’ to star in her own reality TV show behind-the-scenes of fashion empire

VICTORIA Beckham is "in talks" to star in her own US reality TV show going behind-the-scenes of her fashion brand.

The Daily Star reports filming for the programme could begin as early as next month, with TV execs keen to document her spring 2019 collection at London Fashion Week.

4 Victoria Beckham is 'in talks' to star in her own US reality TV show going behind-the-scenes of her fashion brand Credit: Splash News

It's claimed Victoria's four children and husband David could also have cameos.

A representative for the fashion designer denied the claims and told The Sun Online: "There are no talks. Victoria has no interest in doing a reality show."

Victoria, 44, has opted out of a lucrative Spice Girls reunion freeing up some time in her schedule.

The group will reunite for 13-date UK tour next year, culminating with three nights at Wembley Stadium.

4 The Spice Girls are reuniting for a 13-date tour next year minus Victoria Credit: PA:Press Association

Spice Girls manager Simon Fuller hints at what's to come for the reunion

4 The last time the girls performed together was at the 2012 London Olympics Credit: AFP

4 The comeback is set to net the girls £12million each show if all 13 dates sell out Credit: Rex Features

MOST READ IN TV AND SHOWBIZ BRAVE FACE I'm A Celeb's Jac Jossa puts wedding ring back ON & says she's 'absolutely fine' QUEEN'S RULING Jac Jossa is first winner to EVER cancel live TV chats after threesome claim THE ENDER LoU? EastEnders fans convinced Linda will kill Louise on Christmas Day Exclusive CASHING IN I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline will make £1m in a year months after huge tax bill hitting back Natalie Nunn slams Chloe Ayling as she breaks silence on Dan Osborne threesome Exclusive BEN AND GONE ITV bosses considered replacing Phillip Schofield with GMB host Ben Shephard

Music mogul Simon Fuller is masterminding the comeback, and it stands to net the girls around £12million each should the tour be a sell-out.

A source said: “After much to’ing and fro’ing, a deal has been signed, and an official announcement will be made soon.

“The girls can’t wait to go back on tour, perform to the fans and sing some of their greatest hits.”

The group were previously tipped to reform as a quintet after they got together at Geri’s house earlier this year.

Mel B insists Spice Girls will reunite with Victoria Beckham later this year

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.

We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

