www.businessinsider.com/prince-harry-and-meghan-markle-visit-to-the-united-states-2018-4

Stacey Leasca, Travel

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle could visit the United States sooner than expected

Kensington Palace is already in the process of planning Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's every move following their royal wedding.

It was announced recently that Prince Harry would become the patron of "Walk Of America."

A team of six veterans from the United States and the UK will walk 1,000 miles from the West to the East Coast of the US in 14 weeks.

Though it's not confirmed that the couple will make an appearance, their staff is reportedly hard at work planning their first overseas trip.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle aren’t even married yet, but that isn’t stopping Kensington Palace from planning out their every move post-wedding.

Kensington Palace announced on Thursday that Prince Harry would become the patron of “Walk Of America,” the latest expedition from the armed forces charity Support The Walk. As part of his duties, Harry will launch the expedition at an event in London on Wednesday, April 11.

The palace further explained that this summer a team of six veterans from the United States and the U.K. will walk 1,000 miles from the West to the East Coast of the U.S. in 14 weeks. During that time, the expedition will also raise vital funds for veterans both sides of the Atlantic.

According to Vanity Fair, the walk will start in Meghan’s hometown of Los Angeles. And though the palace didn’t announce if Harry or Meghan will be on hand, sources did confirm to Vanity Fair that the couple and their staff are already hard at work planning their first overseas trip, which may include a stop in to check on the walking troops.

But first, sources said, the newlyweds will pay a visit to Canada after saying their vows, just as William and Kate did following their 2011 wedding. And, at the time William and Kate also tacked on a quick trip to California, meaning it’s very likely Harry and Meghan will do the same.

“Canada is on the cards. There’s a lot of talk at a high-up level and among the powers that be that it will be the first country the couple visit,” a source told Vanity Fair. Another added that Meghan is keen to “take Harry home once they are married on a formal tour. It’s her home and she would love to go there with Harry after the wedding.”

Odds are Americans would be very happy to see their princess return home, too.

Sign up here to get INSIDER's favorite stories straight to your inbox.

