www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5696931/Colin-Jost-calls-Scarlett-Johansson-girlfriend-time-SNL-dating-segment.html

Annita Katee For Dailymail.Com

Colin Jost calls Scarlett Johansson his 'girlfriend' for first time

He's been dating Scarlett Johansson, 33, since May 2017.

And for the first time on television, Saturday Night Live comedian Colin Jost has revealed that he's in a relationship.

Appearing on his Weekend Update segment with Leslie Jones, the pair were discussing Facebook's new dating feature before the 35-year-old confirmed he wouldn't need to use the service.

They're in love! For the first time on television, Saturday Night Live comedian Colin Jost has confirmed that he's dating actress Scarlett Johansson; seen on April 23 at the Avengers: Infinity War premiere in LA

While Leslie discussed all the terrible men she's been with, the final image was of Colin.

'He was so cute and sweet and kind, but it would never work cause he's gay,' she said.

'I'm not gay, I told you I have a girlfriend,' Colin fired back.

Tough crowd! During the segment, Leslie (left) continued to call him gay and said that she refused to recognize his relationship until he 'proved it'

But wanting more details about his relationship with Scarlett, Leslie hilariously said she refused to recognize his relationship until he proved it.

'I told you I'm not acknowledging that b****. You either prove that you are not gay or I'm going to keep telling everybody that you are,' she said.

Although Scarlett and Colin continue to keep their one-year relationship private, last month, they made their red carpet debut in LA at the premiere of her movie Avengers: Infinity War.

Making it official! Last month, Scarlett and Colin made their red carpet debut at the premiere of her movie Avengers: Infinity War

The couple were first rumored to be dating in May 2017 when they were spotted making out at an SNL after party.

Months later, they confirmed the romance as they attended the American Museum of Natural History Gala in New York.

Scarlett was previously married to French journalist Romain Dauriac, with whom she shares daughter Rose, three.

Prior to that, she was married to Ryan Reynolds from 2008 to 2011.

