www.intouchweekly.com/posts/julia-roberts-danny-moder-marriage-139676

In Touch Staff

Julia Roberts and Danny Moder's Marriage — Her Desperate Attempt to Avoid Divorce (EXCLUSIVE)

Can she buy his love? Julia Roberts made a very pricey purchase in an attempt to save her marriage to husband Danny Moder, an insider exclusively tells In Touch. According to the source, the A-list actress, 49, bought Danny, 48, his own private surf shack in Malibu, CA, so that he spends more time at home with their family.

In June 2016, Julia — whose main home is a $10 million Craftsman-style house atop a bluf in the seaside enclave’s tony Point Dume neighborhood — previously bought the $6.84 million house directly across the street, so that nannies and visiting family members could have a place to stay. However, as In Touch has previously reported, it has become a refuge for the Pretty Woman star’s cinematographer hubby — especially when the two were fighting.

MORE: Julia Roberts’ Children Are All Grown Up — See What They Look Like Now!

Well, this past June, Julia, who married Danny in 2002, shelled out $3.9 million for a 1,600-square-foot ranch house just down the road that a friend says “is basically a tear-down.” While the pad may not be fancy, it comes with a deeded key to the gates leading to one of Malibu’s best, most idyllic and private surf spots, known as Little Dume — the perfect gift for her surf enthusiast husband.

(Photo Credit: Getty Images)

“She’s hoping that the purchase of the most expensive surf shack in Malibu will help her marriage by keeping Danny from going away on extended surf trips,” the source tells In Touch. “Julia is hoping that by giving Danny his own incredible surf spot, it will stave of any talk of divorce.”

Most recently, the pair — who share 12-year-old twins Phinnaeus and Hazel, and son Henry, 10 — have clashed over Julia’s controlling ways, their differing approaches to parenthood, Danny’s trips away, and his desire to be the man of the house despite being in Julia’s shadow.

MORE: The ‘Halloweentown’ Cast Is Reuniting to Honor Debbie Reynolds and Our Hearts Can’t Take It

“When they first married, Julia was gone a lot for work, and it was like a honeymoon every time she and Danny were reunited,” the source explains, adding that Julia — who is working steadily in LA on the HBO drama Today Will Be Different — is urging Danny to scale down his traveling. But “Danny often wants to get away,” says the insider. “Plain and simple, they just aren’t as happy as they once were, and she thinks the new house” will help.

Though Danny may appreciate Julia’s expensive gesture, his wanderlust is likely to return — and very soon. “As beautiful as Little Dume is, riding the same waves can get monotonous, so the novelty will probably be short-lived and he’ll still have an itch to go to exotic locations with his wave-riding buddies,” the insider says. “No matter how desperately she tries, Danny won’t be bought of — even with his own beach!”

For more on this story, pick up the latest issue of In Touch, on newsstands now!

