www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2964016/Kim-Khloe-Kourtney-distancing-Bruce-Jenner-new-season-KUWTK.html

Kayla Caldwell For Mailonline

Kim Kardashian, Khloe and Kourtney 'distancing themselves from Bruce Jenner'

It's been a tough few months for Bruce Jenner.

First it was reported the 65-year-old former Olympian would be transitioning into a woman and it was not met so well by all members of his family. Then he was involved in a fatal car crash, which has allegedly derailed filming of his new reality spinoff show.

Now TMZ is claiming Kim, Khloe, and Kourtney Kardashian are planning to keep their distance from the patriarch, eventually wedging him out of their reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians completely.

Scroll down for video

Phasing out: According to a new report by TMZ, (L to R) Kim, Khloe, and Kourtney Kardashian plan on driving Bruce Jenner out of Keeping Up with the Kardashians

His own show: Bruce will have his own special, documenting his transition, according to a report by TMZ

The site reported that the girls one point discussed how infrequently Bruce visits them, according to a source connected with production.

'Bruce and the boys are almost completely out of the picture,' the three older siblings apparently gossip.

Then one of the girls is said to continue: 'Maybe it's time to admit to themselves that they're barely even enough of a family anymore to go on vacation [with us].'

Gossip: The sisters are apparently heard venting in one scene, in which they say Bruce is 'almost completely out of the picture'

Kim then references Bruce's ongoing transition, adding: 'Things are only going to get more difficult and complicated.'

However, Kim, Khloe, and Kourtney are not the only ones who appear to be turning on the show's patriarch.

Apparently Kourtney's longtime boyfriend Scott Disick also airs some grievances while dune buggying in Pismo Beach.

Feeling sour: Apparently Scott Disick vents about Bruce's (L) parenting tips, calling him out for not always being around for his own son, Brody Jenner (R)

'[Bruce] got on his high horse on how to be the world's best dad,' the father of three vented about Kris Jenner's ex.

Angry over the remark, Scott continued to Kourtney, adding: 'I wonder what Brody would have to say about that.'

Scott was referring to the fact that Bruce was largely absent while his 31-year-old son Brody Jenner was growing up.

