www.wetpaint.com/kim-kardashian-taylor-swift-2009-video-1614035/

August

Kim Kardashian Says She’s the “Biggest Taylor Swift Fan” in 2009 Interview (VIDEO)

Credit: Entertainment Tonight

Kim Kardashian Says She’s the “Biggest Taylor Swift Fan” in 2009 Interview (VIDEO)

by 0 Shares

Advertisement

We’re so deep into the TSwift-Kimye feud, it’s hard to believe there was ever a time they weren’t at odds. With the release of Taylor Swift’s new single, “Look What You Made Me Do,” which blatantly disses Kanye West (and wife Kim Kardashian), the bad blood is at an all time high — at least, on the pop star’s end. But rewind back to 2009, and you’d get a very different story.

Well, at least for Taylor and Kim. That was, of course, the year the drama between the Reputation songstress and Kanye started, when he interrupted her accepting the award for Video of the Year at the MTV VMAs.

Eventually, the two made up, but the feud was revived in 2016 when they fought over the rapper rapping “I made that bitch famous” in his song “Famous.”

Of course, things only got worse after that, as Kim released a video of the phone call Taylor and Kanye had where she gave him permission to use that line.

So really, up until last year, there were no hard feelings between the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star and singer — and now there’s video proof!

In a resurfaced interview from 2009, the now-36-year-old reality star gushes about Taylor, calling herself a big fan of her work.

“I love Taylor Swift, I’m the biggest Taylor Swift fan,” the mother of two tells a reporter on the red carpet.

She goes on to add that her “number one song” on her iPod — throwback alert! — is Tay’s 2008 single, “Love Story.”

Blast from the past! Back in 2009, Kim Kardashian proclaims she was Taylor Swift's "biggest fan." pic.twitter.com/RyBgeiyWqj EntertainmentTonight (@etnow) August 30, 2017

Cue another dated reference: “I’m watching her on Twitter, I just signed up on Twitter. I’m watching you, Taylor, following.”

Oh how time flies, right? It should be noted that at the time, Kim wasn’t even dating her now-husband yet. In fact, she wasn’t even dating Kris Humphries — they didn’t meet for another year after that!

Credit: Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images

Interestingly, we hear Taylor’s new music hasn’t had the impact on the Wests she hoped it would have. Sources have said the couple “don’t care” about her attacks, are focusing on their family, and even note that she’s not “on their radar.”

Still, she’s on Kim’s radar when it comes to social media following, as the blonde recently surpassed the Instagram heavyweight in followers.

The two are neck-and-neck at 102.9 million IG fans, and with Taylor pulling ahead slightly, Kim seemingly retaliated with a risque post on Thursday.

In an apparent bid to gain more followers, she posted a sexy shot of her sunbathing in a nude string bikini.

It's really hot today A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Aug 30, 2017 at 4:48pm PDT

