www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3220409/Ed-Skrein-blames-scenes-politics-Game-Thrones-departure.html

Mike Larkin For Dailymail.Com

Transporter star Ed Skrein blames behind the scenes politics for Game Of Thrones departure

When it emerged he had signed on to star in a prequel to Jason Statham's Transporter series many assumed he had turned his back Game Of Thrones.

But Ed Skrein has finally spoken out to say he would never have walked away from the plum role of Daario Naharis, and instead insisted 'politics' was behind his abrupt exit from the show.

The 32-year-old English actor gave a love it or loath it performance as the cocksure lieutenant of mercenary group the Second Sons, who ends up killing his fellow commanders to win the affection of Daenerys Targaryen, that still lives in the memory of fans.

Scroll down for video

Politicking: Ed Skrein has insisted he left his plum role on Game Of Thrones due to behind the scenes intrigue

He told TooFab: 'Contrary to reports I didn’t walk away. I wouldn’t walk away. There are very few things in my life I’ve walked away from.

'This is a complicated industry and there’s always politics involved.'

However while he still seems disappointed about having to have left such a plum role after just three episodes, he insists he does not wonder about how things could have been different.

The rapper-turned-actor said: 'I never really look back, my journey has been unorthodox in many ways.

Un-Ed-iftying: After he lost his role as Daario Naharis it was given to the bland Dutch actor Michiel Huisman

'All I do is count my blessings and try to be as present as I can and I’m thankful for every step of this journey.'

Wise words indeed from the jolly cockney, who went by the rather questionable moniker of The Dinnerlady P.I.M.P. during his hip hop career.

While Ed's role was filled by the bland Michiel Huisman, Ed finds himself filling someone's shoes himself in Transporter Refueled, which hits screens on Friday.

The statuesque actor plays a younger version of dinky star Jason Statham's hardman chauffeur Frank Martin in the film, which sees the character face-off against some Eastern European gangsters.

Bald ambition: He is filling the shoes of follicly challenged action icon Jason Statham in Transporter Refueled

However he insists he felt no pressure taking over from the follicly challenged action icon, saying: 'It wasn't really daunting it all The daunting part for me, the pressure was from the inside.

'I want to make work that I’m proud of and that fulfills me creatively, that’s where the pressure came from.'

While it is unlikely his hairier rendition of the action character is unlikely to garner much critical acclaim, he stands a greater chance of winning some attention when he plays the villain Ajax in hotly-tipped 20th Century Fox Marvel spinoff Deadpool.

He said he had a great time getting physical with the film's star Ryan Reynolds, who plays the titular fast-talking mercenary character with a sick sense of humour.

Original and best: It is unlikely Ed will win over fans of Jason's popular portrayal of the hardman chauffeur

Ed said: 'Me and Ryan had incredible chemistry, we had this synergy. A lot of time, they don’t want to pair actors together, especially leads because we’re not stunt guys.

'We may make a mistake and if we make a mistake and break each others’ noses or knock a tooth out. It's a lot of money and jobs on the line.

I was like to (the director), "Get me in there, put me in, I’ve done all this training, I’m ready.

'They were hesitant [but] I went straight in and we had a great synergy and we stayed the two of us for the whole day and I remember Ryan saying to me, "I’ve had such a great time getting beat up by you," and vice versa.'

