www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5398251/Jennifer-Aniston-Justin-Theroux-tried-fix-marriage.html

Paul Chavez For Dailymail.Com

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux tried to fix marriage

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux reportedly made a last-ditch effort to save their marriage during a vacation in Mexico with friends Jason Bateman and his wife.

The Hollywood stars announced on Thursday they were separating after two and a half years of marriage.

In a statement released by their publicists they said the decision to split 'was mutual and lovingly made at the end of last year'.

Mexican get-away: Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux are shown on January 1 during a vacation in Mexico that reportedly was a last-ditch effort to save their marriage

They were last photographed together on January 1 during a vacation in Cabo San Lucas with Jason, 49, and his 49-year-old wife Amanda Anka.

'Jason Bateman’s wife convinced Justin to go to Cabo. She has been the mediator in recent months, trying to get Jen and Justin to work through their problems and save their marriage,' a source told Us Weekly in an article on Thursday.

'The Cabo trip was a make or break vacation for Jen and Justin. They went away with their friends hoping to have fun and work on it,' the insider said of the post-Christmas vacation.

The salvage attempt, however, didn't pan out.

The mediator: Jason Bateman and wife Amanda Anka, shown in January in Beverly Hills, vacationed with Jennifer and Justin in Cabo San Lucas as Amanda acted as a mediator

Showing support: Jennifer and Justin were in attendance in July when Jason received a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame

Good friends: Jason and Jennifer embraced during the ceremony honoring him with a star in Hollywood

'The guys and girls hung out separately in Mexico. It didn’t work,' the source added.

The plan had similarities to Jason's 2009 romantic comedy Couples Retreat in which four couples fixed their relationship woes together at a resort.

Jennifer, 49, and Jason starred together in the 2010 comedy-drama The Switch.

They later teamed up for the 2011 comedy Horrible Bosses and the 2014 sequel Horrible Bosses 2.

Salvage operation: Jason and Justin are shown in Cabo as the salvage plan didn't work because the guys and gals hung out separately

Art imitates life? Kristin Bell and Jason are shown in a still from the 2009 romantic comedy Couples Retreat in which four couples fixed their relationship woes together at a resort

Jennifer and Justin, 46, announced their split 'in an effort to reduce any further speculation.'

'Normally we would do this privately, but given that the gossip industry cannot resist an opportunity to speculate and invent, we wanted to convey the truth directly,' said the statement released by Jennifer's publicist Stephen Huvane.

'Whatever else is printed about us that is not directly from us, is someone else's fictional narrative. Above all, we are determined to maintain the deep respect and love that we have for one another,' the statement added.

Hollywood star: Jennifer is shown in a still from the 2011 comedy Horrible Bosses co-starring Jason

Deep respect: Justin and Jennifer, shown in January 2016 in Santa Monica, California, released a statement on Thursday about their split 'to reduce any further speculation'

Jennifer and Justin starred together in the 2012 comedy Wanderlust and got engaged in August 2012.

They were married in August 2015 and have no children together.

Justin said in an interview earlier this week that he and Aniston were not together on her February 11 birthday, and he would not be spending Valentine's Day with her.

Jennifer was previously married to Brad Pitt from 2000 to 2005.

She rose to fame on the TV sitcom Friends and her film credits include Office Christmas Party, Cake and Marley & Me.

Worked together: Jennifer and Justin are shown in a still from the 2012 comedy Wanderlust

