www.intouchweekly.com/posts/jamie-foxx-texting-ex-154934

In Touch Staff

Jamie Foxx's Ex Is Threatening His Relationship With Katie Holmes

Three’s company! Jamie Foxx is jeopardizing his relationship with his longtime girlfriend, Katie Holmes, by texting his ex. The 50-year-old actor was all smiles as he met up with a beautiful brunette for lunch in LA on Feb.17 — but it wasn’t Katie, with whom he’d just spent Valentine’s Day. For the second time that week, the Oscar winner was hanging out with Kristin Grannis, the mother of his daughter Annalise. And according to witnesses, Jamie even brought her a gift: a black designer purse.

Now Katie is starting to suspect that they’re more than just friendly exes. “She recently found out about a string of texts Jamie sent to Kristin that included details of secret meetings — and him admitting he still loved her,” an insider exclusively tells In Touch of the relationship, which has reportedly caused problems for the actor in the past. And after nearly five years of dating Jamie under the radar following her 2012 divorce from Tom Cruise, this latest betrayal is devastating to the 39-year-old actress. “It’s taken her years to trust Jamie enough to publicly be seen with him,” the insider explains, “and he showed a blatant lack of respect.”

(Photo Credit: Getty Images)

Jamie doesn’t want to give up either woman. “He insisted there was nothing more to the relationship than him and Kristin discussing their daughter,” the insider says. Kristin was also spotted with the actor at a basketball game with friends on Feb. 11. To add insult to injury, the same day Jamie met up with Kristin, he was publicly dismissive of Katie. As he left a Feb. 17 event in Thousand Oaks, CA, he was caught on camera quipping, “It’s Black History Month… No white girls till March 1.”

Just one day earlier, Jamie made headlines when he walked away during an ESPN interview after he was asked about spending Valentine’s Day with Katie. “Jamie could’ve handled the situation with much more dignity,” the insider admits. “Katie was totally dissed by him.”

Still, Jamie doesn’t want to lose her. “He’s desperately trying to make their relationship work. He’s planning a make-or-break luxury vacation for them and begging Katie to hear him out,” the insider adds. “But it’s going to take a lot of hard work and e ort for Jamie to get back into Katie’s good graces, because his behavior is unforgivable.”

