metro.co.uk/2017/10/30/kim-kardashian-disgusted-by-scott-disicks-desperate-revenge-on-sister-kourtney-7037836/

Claire Eaton-Rutter

Kim Kardashian disgusted by Scott Disicks ‘desperate revenge’ on sister Kourtney

Kim was not impressed with Scott’s antics (Picture: Getty)

Kim Kardashian can see right through Scott Disick and has dismissed his ‘desperate’ attempt to get ‘revenge’ on her sister Kourtney with Bella Thorne at Cannes earlier this year.

The 37-year-old reality star mocked Scott’s behaviour in the aftermath of his split from Kourtney Kardashian, saying he was clearly acting out as a way of getting revenge on his ex-girlfriend.

During the latest episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians, Kim told Kendall Jenner: ‘[Scott and Bella] looked so desperate at the airport, like, who goes to LAX together? It’s not a good look for Scott, at all.’

Kendall, 21, replied by saying Scott thought he was making Kourtney – with whom he has Mason, seven, Penelope, five, and Reign, two – ‘mad’ by going on a vacation with Bella.

Scott arriving in Nice in May (Picture: Alex Huckle/SilverHub/REX/Shutterstock)

But Kim considered Scott’s behaviour to be ‘malicious’ as he was also seen partying with a number of other women, including Sofia Richie and Ella Ross, while Kourtney was on holiday with her new boyfriend Younes Bendjima.

Advertisement

Advertisement

She explained: ‘I think it’s clear to everyone that Scott is doing this just to try to one-up Kourtney, and that seems super malicious.

‘Kourtney is genuinely trying to go away and have a good time and he’s trying to like, freak her out and make Kourtney think that there’s gonna be some crazy drama running. It’s just so ridiculous.’

At the height of the drama, Kourtney claims Scott messaged her saying: ‘Anyone who gets in the middle [between us] will not be pleased with the outcome.’

After learning of Kourtney’s accusation, her sister Khloe also blasted the way Scott behaved, calling him ‘childish’.

She said: ‘I just can’t believe that he would stoop this low and speak to her like this.

‘At the end of the day, she’s still the mother of his children. So to say that he’s gonna have people get beat up? That’s disgusting. So I really hope he was out of his right mind … It’s just so childish.’

MORE: Kourtney Kardashian replaces Scott Disick and makes new boyfriend Younes Bendjima part of the family

