www.townandcountrymag.com/society/tradition/a10241220/jfk-jr-princess-diana/

Lyndsey Matthews, Lifestyle Editor, Lyndsey Matthews Is The Lifestyle Editor Across All Of Hearst Digital Media'S Brands.

Here's What Really Happened When JFK Jr. Met Princess Diana

During the summer of 1995, John F. Kennedy Jr. secretly met Princess Diana in New York, and ever since, there has been much speculation over exactly what happened in her suite at the Carlyle Hotel that day.

According to RoseMarie Terenzio, JFK Jr.’s executive assistant who accompanied him to the hotel that day, the hour and half-long meeting in Diana’s suite was way more innocent than those rumors would have you believe, People reports.

The two simply talked about Diana appearing on the cover of JFK Jr.’s political magazine George, but organizing the meeting wasn’t easy at all.

“I remember him saying, ‘There’s no way someone is not going to leak it. There’s going to be paparazzi everywhere,’” Terenzio said. “Someone suggested he go in disguise and I said, ‘That’s ridiculous. You’re not doing that!’”

Princess Diana leaving the Carlyle Hotel in New York in 1995. Getty Images

Thankfully JFK Jr. agreed, and he and Terenzio figured out the best way to get into the Carlyle unnoticed.

“I had remembered that the last time I had been to the Carlyle for an event, there had been no photographers at the front entrance,” Terenzio told People. “So I told John, ‘Don’t go in the side entrance, because if anyone does leak it beforehand, people will expect you to go in the side. So walk in the front door.’”

Turns out Terenzio was right and the two celebrities walked straight into the hotel while the photographers were camped out at the side door.

Even though JFK Jr. had a “respectful piece” in mind, according to Terenzio, the story never ended up happening.

“She wrote John a note that said, ‘Thank you so much, but not right now,'” Terenzio recalls.

After the meeting, JFK Jr. "was very careful what he said," George magazine creative director Matt Berman told People. “The one funny thing he said was, ‘She’s got a great pair of legs.’”

While he might not have mentioned that to his assistant, “I do remember him saying, ‘She’s really tall!’” Terenzio says. “He also said she was very shy. He was surprised how demure she was. I think they had both met Mother Theresa so they spoke about that. And he said how lovely she was.”

