www.news.com.au/entertainment/celebrity-life/hook-ups-break-ups/selena-gomez-caught-up-in-brad-pitt-and-angelina-jolies-divorce-after-shameless-flirting/news-story/7d8820060e1649f2bdb7c59988af7053

Fay Strang

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie divorce: Selena Gomez ‘shamelessly flirted’ with Ptt at Gold Globes

SELENA Gomez has become embroiled in the Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie divorce, amid sensational claims a picture of her cosying up to the actor at the Golden Globes caused issues in his marriage.

The Sun reports the 24-year-old, who appeared briefly in the film The Big Short with Pitt, shared a picture of herself gazing into the dad-of-six’s eyes as they enjoyed a moment together at the start of this year. The photo was captioned: “just discussing #TheBigShort.”

At the time, the brunette singer made no secret of how attractive she found the 52-year-old, saying: “I’m not going to lie. It’s nice to look at all of the hot guys I admire. I’m trying to find Ryan Gosling and Brad Pitt right now!”

However according to the National Enquirer, the image did not go down well with Pitt’s wife of two years.

“Angie blew a gasket when she saw Selena’s Instagram, and heard through friends about how brad and Selena flirted so shamelessly,” a source said.

The source continued: “Now Selena is bragging to everyone that Brad is gung ho to make another movie with her. Selena is going around jokingly calling Brad ‘my future husband’, and Angie is obviously none too pleased.”

According to the publication, Jolie demanded that Pitt didn’t work with the young star again. Gomez previously dated Justin Bieber and was linked to Orlando Bloom.

“Angie warned Brad to cut all ties with Selena, and she’s forbidding him from working with her again,” the source said.

Jolie filed for divorce from her partner of 12 years on Monday. Divorce papers show the Hollywood actress wants overall physical custody of their six children — not joint custody with Pitt — after citing irreconcilable differences.

RELATIONSHIP TIMELINE

It’s thought that numerous factors have contributed to her decision, including claims he grew too close to his Allied co-star Marion Cottilard and that his reported weed consumption and temper had got too much for her and she was concerned about the environment she was bringing up the kids in.

Following the news, Pitt went public with a statement about his impending divorce which read: “I am very saddened by this, but what matters most now is the wellbeing of our kids. I kindly ask the press to give them the space they deserve during this challenging time.”

He has also categorically denied the allegations of his supposed affair.

Jolie released a similar statement saying that the divorce was for the “health of the family.”

This story originally appeared in The Sun.

