www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5850863/Bindi-Irwin-sparks-engagement-speculation-Chandler-Powell.html

Andrew Court, Alex Michael For Daily Mail Australia

Bindi Irwin sparks engagement speculation with Chandler Powell

Bindi Irwin is still a teenager, but she may already be feeling the pressure to marry her long-term love, Chandler Powell, 21.

The wildlife warrior, 19, took to Instagram on Saturday to share an adorable couple photo with her boyfriend of four years.

However, upon uploading the image, Bindi was inundated with comments from fans all waiting for a wedding.

'Patiently waiting for the proposal': A photo shared by Bindi Irwin to Instagram on Saturday was inundated with comments from fans urging her to marry Chandler Powell (pictured)

Several followers referenced a wedding or proposal beneath the photo, which was taken during a sunset hike in Queensland's Glass House Mountains National Park.

One wrote: 'Every time you post a picture together I'm always sure it will be your engagement announcement. Wishful thinking!'

Another echoed a similar sentiment, commenting: 'Patiently waiting for the proposal photo.'

'Every day is so special with you': Bindi recently celebrated her anniversary with boyfriend Chandler in a loved-up social media tribute

One follower tagged Chandler directly, writing: '@chandlerpowell propose already, man! Come on!'

The engagement speculation comes after Bindi publicly celebrated her four-and-a-half year anniversary with Chandler earlier in the month.

'I have loved this guy since I first met him, over four and a half years ago. Every day is so special with you,' she cooed in the Instagram post.

True love: 'I have loved this guy since I first met him, over four and a half years ago,' the wildlife warrior wrote on Instagram

Chandler and Bindi met at Australia Zoo and have previously discussed the story of their fateful encounter.

'I'm a professional wakeboarder. I was there (Australia) for a wakeboard competition,' the American-born Chandler said on Dancing With The Stars in 2015.

'I thought it would be awesome to go visit Australia Zoo (owned by Bindi's family)... and she ended up giving me a tour and we ended up staying in touch ever since.'

Chance meeting: Chandler and Bindi met at Australia Zoo and have previously discussed the story of their fateful encounter

In an interview with US Weekly around the same time, Bindi recalled how much of a gentlemen Chandler was when he reached out to her.

'He tracked me down through the zoo and was like, "If she doesn't want to stay in contact that's totally fine, but here's my e-mail."

'We stayed in touch and became great friends. I can't really say when it turned into more. It just evolved over time and bloomed into this wonderful thing.'

