www.peoplemagazine.co.za/celebrity-news/international-celebrities/new-mum-khloe-kardashian-leaning-on-ex-lamar-odom-for-support/



New mum Khloe Kardashian ‘leaning on ex Lamar Odom for support’

Khloe Kardashian is reportedly leaning on ex-husband Lamar Odom for support following her boyfriend Tristan Thompson’s alleged infidelity.

Around the time the reality TV personality was due to give birth to the couple’s first child in early April (18), reports surfaced alleging Tristan had been cosying up to multiple other women.

Khloe has since welcomed a daughter named True Thompson, and though she and Tristan have put on a united front, sources close to the star have now claimed that she has also turned to her former husband Lamar.

“Khloe’s emotions are all over the place and she goes from feeling calm to being riddled with anger,” an insider told Britain’s Heat magazine. “Lamar reached out to congratulate her on the birth and to say how sorry he was about everything. Khloe broke down and has been leaning on him ever since.

“Khloe FaceTimes Lamar and they’ll often speak for hours,” they continued. “She says it’s the most comfort she’s had since the scandal broke.”

The Keeping Up with the Kardashians married former basketball player Lamar in a lavish, televised wedding in September 2009, but the pair filed for divorce just four years later following his alleged cheating and drug relapse.

They signed divorce papers in July 2015, but proceedings were halted following Lamar’s near-fatal overdose that October, and not finalised until December 2016.

“Khloe’s been craving the familiarity she had with Lamar,” the source added. “Tristan is trying to win her back, but she’s unsure if she can trust him. She loves him and wants to make it work for True’s sake, but she’s confused.”

The Good American denim mogul has kept a low profile since the birth of her first child, with one report claiming that while she wants to give things with Tristan another chance, the 33-year-old would feel more secure if the couple married.

“Khloe is so humiliated after the cheating revelations, she feels that if she got a ring on his finger, it would help show that she’s the girl Tristan chose to marry,” the insider claimed.

