www.elle.com/culture/celebrities/a18569632/justin-theroux-jennifer-aniston-brad-pitt-love-note-post-its-report/

Alyssa Bailey, News, Strategy Editor, Alyssa Bailey Is The News, Strategy Editor At Elle.Com, Where She Oversees Coverage Of Celebrities, Royals, Particularly Meghan Markle, Kate Middleton .

Justin Theroux Found Jennifer Aniston's Love Note Post-Its From Brad Pitt

It's new tabloid issue day in America, which means much more intel on Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux's split is out on sources like People, Us Weekly, and other celebrity outlets. While most of the new articles reiterate what was reported initially after the split—that Aniston wasn't planning on being single again but still believes in love, that their relationship had been on its last legs for a while, that a Brad Pitt-Jen reconciliation is highly unlikely—one of the wilder new details is straight from Us Weekly. Apparently, Jennifer Aniston kept Post-Its that Brad Pitt wrote her when they were married. And Justin Theroux found them, a source said!

“He stumbled upon old Post-it notes Brad had written,” the source explained. “Sweet little Post-its like, ‘You looked nice tonight’ or ‘Miss you already.’” These little notes supposedly had a big impact on their relationship. “Jen assured him they weren’t a big deal, but Justin wasn’t thrilled…Justin had moments of insecurity like that.”

People really tried to shoot down the reports that Brad-Jen 2.0 could happen last week. “They’ve been over each other for longer than they were ever together,” a source, with knowledge of Pitt and Aniston's current relationship, told the outlet then. “Now you add six kids on his side and each of them having their own assorted battle scars into the mix? Forget it. It’s not going to happen.”

Plus, “they aren’t in regular contact, beyond an occasional text back and forth to wish each other the best when there’s been a new project or big event,” the source added. Most brutally, the source said, “They broke up, and they did it because they had serious issues. They’re not stupid. They remember why it didn’t work.”

That said, another source told The Blast yesterday that while Aniston and Pitt getting back together isn't about to happen now, they have talked recently. And “something crazy could happen, [but] at this point nothing is going down between them.”

