www.nationalenquirer.com/photos/steve-harvey-divorce-kris-jenner-scandal/

National Enquirer Staff

Steve Harvey Faces $400 Million Divorce Over Kris Jenner

“There was a huge blowout fight and Marjorie walked out threatening divorce,” tattled a source. “There’s no way she was going to put up with Steve hanging around a man-eater like Kris — especially since he’s proven time and again he can’t be trusted!” Photo credit: Mega

Steve and Kris, a two-time divorcée, have been buddy-buddy for years. They were pictured here together with Kris beau Corey Gamble (left) during Paris Fashion Week in 2015. They’ve also been seen out in Hollywood on multiple occasions. Photo credit: Getty Images

Kris even brought her brood to “Family Feud.” Still, a TV insider insisted Kris has “no interest in Steve romantically.” Instead, Kris is seeking his advice to boost her own sagging empire! “It’s all about business,” the source snitched. “She admires his TV success and wants to learn all his secrets!” Photo credit: Getty Images

Although “Keeping Up with the Kardashians” has been a monster hit, the show was created by Ryan Seacrest , and Kris desperately needs guidance to grow her own showbiz brand, according to sources. “Kris has tried to produce a long list of shows, but they’ve all been disasters,” the source said. Photo credit: Mega

“Meanwhile, Steve has the golden touch when it comes to TV. That’s why Kris is looking to him for professional help.” Furious over the “Har-dashian” mind meld, Marjorie got revenge by posting several videos of her working out with her hunky young personal trainer on Instagram. Photo credit: Mega

A few days later, Steve made a spur-of-the-moment decision to treat Marjorie to another no-expense-spared, makeup vacation in Europe! “Steve has a wandering eye and he loves women!” snitched a former employee on his talk show, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Photo credit: Mega

“He’s cheated during his previous marriages, and Marjorie knows he could do it again. She knows her man’s weakness — knows everything about him! That’s why she watches him so closely.” Photo credit: Mega

Marcia, in 1990 while she was pregnant to move in with Mary Shackelford (right), who became his second wife in 1996. Before even filing for divorce, Steve left his first wife,, in 1990 while she was pregnant to move in with(right), who became his second wife in 1996. Before even filing for divorce, Steve ditched Mary in 2005 for Marjorie — and his bitter ex has never forgiven him. Photo credit: Mega

Last year Mary socked Steve with a $60 million lawsuit , claiming he bullied her out of a fortune during their divorce and his cheating triggered a breakdown that landed her in a mental hospital! Photo credit: Mega

