www.digitalspy.com/tv/once-upon-a-time/news/a829101/once-upon-a-time-cast-tributes-manchester-victim-georgina-callander/

Ben Lee

Once Upon a Time cast pay emotional tributes to Manchester terror attack victim Georgina Callander

The stars of Once Upon a Time have paid tribute to Georgina Callander – one of the victims of the Manchester terror attack – after meeting her just last month. Georgina was one of the 22 people killed in Monday night's bombing at Manchester Arena at Ariana Grande's concert. But she was also a superfan of ABC's fantasy fairy tale series. She went to a convention to meet the likes of Emilie de Ravin (Belle), Rebecca Mader (Zelena), and Lana Parrilla (Regina), and was incredibly excited, documenting her amazing time in a Twitter thread spanning more than 70 posts. OH MY GOS I LOVE HER SOO MUCH SHEES SOO PRECIOUS — gina 🥀 today! (@emiliesatwell) April 29, 2017

In one of the tweets, Georgina raved about getting the chance to speak with and have her picture taken with de Ravin, who plays Belle on the show.

And it seems that meeting had left a huge impression on the actress, as she paid tribute to the superfan after learning that she had passed away.

RIP @emiliesatwell remember meeting her last month. Beautiful,sweet girl.She gave me the most lovely letter...at a loss 4 words😓 #manchester pic.twitter.com/0tLRq5jsQI — Emilie de Ravin (@emiliederavin) May 23, 2017

"RIP Georgina, you beautiful soul," Emilie wrote on Instagram. "Words can't express my anger and sadness towards the people involved in planning and carrying out the attack last night in #manchester .

"💔 is an understatement. My love and courage goes out to Georgina's family and friends and to all the families and friends of the victims last night. Praying for eternal peace for Georgina and all involved."

De Ravin wasn't the only Once Upon a Time star to reminisce, either.

Mader and Parrilla also shared their tributes, as well as Sean Maguire (Robin Hood) and Karen David (Jasmine).

Colin O'Donoghue (Hook) tweeted as well:

saddened to hear about the death of Oncer @emiliesatwell last night!! No words! #thoughtswithmanchester — Colin o'donoghue (@colinodonoghue1) May 23, 2017

An emergency number has been set up for those who are concerned about loved ones or anyone who may have been in the area – 0800 096 0095.

Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.

