hollywoodlife.com/2017/05/29/why-did-fergie-leave-black-eyed-peas-when-kicked-out/

Jennifer Maas, Staff Writer Reporter

Why Fergie & The Black Eyed Peas May Have Parted Ways & When It Happened

It appears Fergie and the Black Eyed Peas may have officially split. That much we know. But the story behind why the beloved hip-hop/pop group may be breaking up with their lady is a little muddled. An insider tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY what went down.

“Fergie and the [Black Eyed Peas] have parted ways,” an insider close to Peas member will.i.am told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY today, May 29, after rumors started swirling that the songstress had been booted from the hip-hop/pop group. “She wasn’t ‘kicked out.’ It was more a case of they had run their course together and were experiencing creative differences.”

Okay, that is definitely WAY less intense than what Media Take Out was reporting earlier, saying that Fergie’s bandmate Taboo Nawasha, 41, dissed the 41-year-old singer with a scathing tweet on May 24 that said she wasn’t one of the “classic” BEP members, and implied she was totally out of the band. He then unfollowed the 41-year-old singer on Twitter today, the same day it was announced she had left Interscope Records to start her own record label under BMG and will be working with them on her upcoming solo album, Double Duchess. Click here to see pics of Fergie’s “M.I.L.F. $” music video.

“Fergie has been focusing on her solo career a lot, and she wants to head in a different direction music-wise, so it was time to move on,” the insider continued. “Plus, she doesn’t want to be part of a band anymore, there are a lot of egos at play here, let’s just leave it at that. It was actually Fergie’s decision to leave, and the guys weren’t too happy about it initially, but they’re cool now and just looking forward to the future.”

Another insider close to the group told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that the group started to think about breaking up around the Super Bowl in January, when Fergie performed solo during the ESPN party in Houston, Texas. If the group — which also includes member apl.de.ap — is officially donezo, we do hope they stay on good terms. You never know when you might want a reunion tour!

HollywoodLifers, what do you think of the way Fergie and her Black Eyed Peas bandmates parted ways? Do you think it really was amicable? Give us all your thoughts below!

