www.latinpost.com/articles/42603/20150313/jada-pinkett-smith-jealous-husbands-will-relationship-margot-robbie.htm

Latin Post

Will & Jada Pinkett-Smith Relationship Rumors: Is Jada Jealous of Husband's Relationship With Margot Robbie?

Jada Pinkett Smith is not angry with her Hollywood A-list husband Will Smith over his clear and apparent chemistry with "Focus" co-star Margot Robbie.

Smith and Robbie sizzle on screen together in the currently running dramatic comedy. But according to Gossip Cop.com, Pinkett Smith insists all the recent and ongoing talk about her being jealous of her husband's relationship with the budding young star is untrue.

Pinkett Smith's revelations come after some media outlets previously reported, "She's seen them on the red carpet together -- they're all over each other. She's known Will for 20 years, so it's pretty obvious when he's got the hots for someone. And she doesn't trust Margot one bit."

Smith and Robbie are also slated to work together on the upcoming flick "Suicide Squad," and there have been previous reports that Pinkett Smith is "stewing" over the prospect of it all.

"Jada's dreading it," a source said. "Will likes Margot too much, and the feeling seems mutual."

As far back as 2013, Star Magazine ran a cover story alleging that Smith and Robbie had been "caught cheating" but that turned out to be much ado about nothing after it was found the most incriminating evidence was simply an instance of the two goofing off in some photos of them together at a party.

Through all the drama, a rep for Pinkett Smith now tells Gossip Cop the former "Set It Off" and "Gotham" star is convinced there's nothing factual in the rumors. Smith and Pinkett have been married since 1997 and have two teenage children together, both of whom have started to carve out their own place in Hollywood.

Starring in such films as "The Pursuit of Happyness," Ali," "Six Degrees of Separation" and "Bad Boys," the 46-year-old Smith has been nominated for four Golden Globe and two Academy Awards. He has also won four Grammys for his musical contributions.

