www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2016/05/12/caitlyn-jenner-considering-de-transitioning-in-next-couple-years-kardashian-biographer-claims.html



Caitlyn Jenner considering ‘de-transitioning’ ‘in the next couple years,’ author claims

A Kardashian family biographer claims Caitlyn Jenner is experiencing regret over transitioning from male to female. Citing multiple sources close to the star, Ian Halperin told The Wrap that Jenner is considering transitioning back to male “in the next couple years.” However, the 66-year-old's rep denied the author's claims in an email to FOX411.

Halperin said while doing research for his book “Kardashian Dynasty: The Controversial Rise of America’s Royal Family,” several sources indicated Jenner is unhappy.

“One source confirmed to me Caitlyn has made whispers of ‘sex change regret,’ hinting she might go back to being Bruce Jenner,” Halperin told the entertainment website.

The biographer said Jenner is allegedly interested in transitioning back for relationship reasons.

“She’s still into women and wants to meet the right one,” Halperin stated.

Jenner's rep told FOX411 regarding Halperin's claims, "it is not true." The rep added Halperin "is a moron."

The idea that Jenner has had apprehensions over the life change is nothing new. Back when Jenner graced the cover of Vanity Fair, the former Olympian described a panic attack following the transition.

The Vanity Fair profile detailed: “During the first full day of recuperation… She was undergoing something that had never happened before in 65 years of life: a panic attack… The panic attack lasted about 15 seconds, but a single thought continued to course through her mind: ‘What did I just do? What did I just do to myself?’”

Halperin the transition has been “very hard” for the star.

“She’s thrilled she has raised awareness about how transgender people have long been discriminated against but I think there’s a chance she’ll de-transition in the next couple years,” the writer said. “I don’t think it would surprise anybody in her inner circle. It has been much harder than she anticipated. My heart goes out to her and I know her true friends will be there to support her on whatever path she chooses.”

