kiisfm.iheart.com/featured/next-up/content/2017-10-03-celebrity-reaction-jimmy-kimmel-monologue-on-las-vegas-shooting-and-guns/

Holly Nicol

Celebrity Reaction: Jimmy Kimmel Monologue On Las Vegas Shooting And Guns

A tearful Kimmel told the audience, “Here we are again, in the aftermath of another terrible, inexplicably shocking and painful tragedy, this time in Las Vegas, which happens to be my home town.” He continued, “We pray for the victims, and for their families and friends and we wonder why, even though there’s probably no way to ever know why a human being would do something like this to other human beings at a concert who are having fun and listening to music.”

Celebrities are reacting to Jimmy Kimmel ’s powerful monologue on the Las Vegas shooting that killed 58 people and injured more than 500. The late night host, who grew up and studied in the city, struggled to hide his emotion as he paid tribute to the victims and urged for stricter gun control on Monday’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live.” See stars’ reaction tweets below.

Kimmel went on, growing angrier as he disagreed with those who ignore gun violence. “I’ve been reading comments from people who say ‘This is terrible, but there’s nothing we could do about it.’ I disagree with that intensely. There are a lot of things we can do about it. But we don’t. Which is interesting, because when someone with a beard attacks us, we tap phones, we invoke travel bans, we build walls. We take every possible precaution to make sure it doesn’t happen again. But when an American buys a gun and kills other Americans, then there’s nothing we can do about that. Because [of] the Second Amendment. Our forefathers wanted us to have AK47s, is the argument.”

And before showing the faces of the 56 senators who voted against new and tighter gun laws just days after the shooting in Orlando last year, Kimmel said, “They should be praying. They should be praying for God to forgive them for letting the gun lobby run this country. Because it is, it is so crazy.”

Among those commenting on the late night host’s powerful and emotional monologue is Rosie O’Donnell, who said, “Jimmy Kimmel is an American hero – [watch] his Emotional Monologue About The Mass Shooting In Las Vegas #useURvoice.” Olivia Wilde similarly wrote, “A powerful call to action. Thank you, @jimmykimmel.” Will Arnett tweeted, “@jimmykimmel says what needs to be said.” And Alyssa Milano, who shared the link to Kimmel’s monologue on her Twitter account, expressed, “Good morning! Please watch. Please share.” Gossip Cop will continue to update as more celebrities react to Kimmel’s comments on the Las Vegas shooting. Watch the video above.

