www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4410398/Caitlyn-Jenner-planning-NUDE-photo-shoot.html

Ruth Styles For Dailymail.Com

Caitlyn Jenner is planning a NUDE photo shoot

Caitlyn Jenner is planning to take it all off for a nude photo shoot, DailyMail.com can disclose.

Jenner, 67, completed gender reassignment surgery in January, according to her new memoir, ‘The Secrets of My Life’. The photo shoot promises to be Caitlyn's finest hour since she first announced her transition in an interview with ABC’s Diane Sawyer in April 2015 and revealed her new look in a Vanity Fair spread the following July.

Although the Kardashian-Jenner clan is said to be ‘wholly supportive’ of Jenner’s transition, sources close to the family say the prospect of a nude shoot is ‘their worst nightmare’.

Caitlyn Jenner, 67, completed gender reassignment surgery in January, according her memoir, ‘The Secrets of My Life’. The photo shoot promises to be Caitlyn's finest hour since she first announced her transition in an interview with ABC’s Diane Sawyer in April 2015 and revealed her new look in a Vanity Fair spread the following July

Although the Kardashian-Jenner clan is said to be ‘wholly supportive’ of Jenner’s transition, sources close to the family say the prospect of a nude shoot is ‘their worst nightmare’

An insider tells DailyMail.com that the Kardashians learned of the 67-year-old’s plan from her model son Brody, 33.

‘Brody told them that Caitlyn has planned and booked a full nude photo shoot and they were like, that’s unacceptable, it’s taking things too far,' the source said.

‘They’re hoping the shoot doesn't come to pass because that would be their worst nightmare. Taking it to that level and unveiling her [new body] with a fully naked photo spread is going way too far.'

Kardashian momager Kris, who is said to have known about Jenner’s surgery in advance, has vowed to stop the shoot from going ahead, according to the insider.

‘She knew the surgery was inevitable and it was bound to happen,’ said the source. ‘But she says she will do everything in her power to stop the shoot if she can.'

DailyMail.com has approached representatives for Jenner and the Kardashians for comment. Jenner's rep knew nothing about it.

Jenner first announced her transition in an interview with Sawyer in April 2015 and revealed her new look in a Vanity Fair spread the following July.

The headline-making ‘I am Cait’ shoot was said to have taken the Kardashian clan by surprise at the time and led to tension between Jenner and Kim, 36, as a result.

Nevertheless, the family have been publicly supportive of her decision to transition, which was completed in January according leaked extracts from her memoir.

Jenner wrote of the $20,000 operation: 'The surgery was a success, and I feel not only wonderful but liberated […] I am going to live authentically for the first time in my life.

‘I am going to have an enthusiasm for life that I have not had in 39 years since the Olympics, almost two thirds of my life.'

But the book, which was written with the help of Vanity Fair reporter Buzz Bissinger, has soured relations between Jenner and her former wife and step-children.

Sources close to the family told DailyMail.com that Jenner’s ‘unpredictable’ behavior has also played a part in their current estrangement.

The insider said: ‘[The book] is definitely something that she’s wanted to do for a while and it was just a matter of time before she got it done.

‘But the family were like, it’s probably going to reopen the drama of everything [that has happened].

‘They were worried because she’s been so unpredictable lately and just trying to get out into the limelight.’

Jenner's book, which was written with the help of Vanity Fair reporter Buzz Bissinger, has soured relations between Jenner and her former wife

A second leaked extract from the memoir has already proven embarrassing, after Jenner claimed the late Robert Kardashian knew O.J. Simpson was guilty of the murder of his wife Nicole Brown and her friend Ron Goldman.

Kardashian, the father of Kourtney, Khloe, Kim and their brother Rob, was part of Simpson’s defense team during his 1995 trial.

The disgraced football star was acquitted of the charges but, in 1998, was found ‘responsible’ for the deaths in a subsequent civil trial.

Writing in her memoir, Jenner says she was in a car with Kardashian a few years after the murders when he said: 'I would’ve been okay with it if they had gotten him [Simpson] in the first trial.'

An insider tells DailyMail.com that the Kardashians learned of the 67-year-old’s plan from her model son Brody

She added: 'The implication was obvious that he believed O.J. was guilty.’

According to a family insider, Kris and the four Kardashians now rarely speak to Jenner.

The insider said: ‘Kylie and do [talk to Jenner]. They do keep in communication and they’re fully supportive [of her transition].

‘But when Kylie and Kendall do speak with her, it’s always secret – they don’t want to bring it up to their mom or sisters because it causes a lot of drama, so they keep it secret and between them.’

The source added: ‘It’s just the Kardashian part of the family that hasn’t been talking to her. They feel like she had been riding on their coattails long enough for the fame and that she is really milking it for all its worth.

‘They feel if she wants to do things her way, she should be on her own - a lot of these things that she’s doing are trying to one-up them and trying to gain the spotlight back.

‘While [the operation] was inevitable, they think her plan to do the nude spread is over the top. That’s something that is really annoying to them.’

