www.thewrap.com/kristen-stewart-laughs-off-tabloid-rumors-that-shes-quitting-acting-video/

Travis Reilly, Tony Maglio, Steve Pond, Ross A. Lincoln, Jeremy Fuster, Sharon Waxman, Trey Williams, Greg Gilman

Kristen Stewart Laughs Off Tabloid Reports That She’s Quitting Acting (Video)

With her personal life in the press as much as her professional roles, Kristen Stewart opened up on Tuesday about how the tabloids have erroneously reported about her acting career.

“It’s funny — you know, you do an interview and someone says, ‘Oh you’ve been working a lot? What are you planning on doing now?’ And you say, ‘Uh, I’m just going to take a second and like do something other than that,'” she told HuffPost Live. “[But suddenly the headline reads] Kristen Stewart Quits Hollywood!””

See Photos: ‘Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 2′ Premiere: Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson Raise the Heat

Stewart was interviewed alongside her “Still Alice” co-star Julianne Moore, so much of the conversation touched upon their critically acclaimed film that focuses on Moore’s struggle with Alzheimer’s disease, which is slowly corrupting her mind and threatens to tear apart her family.

The conversation also hit on other topics, including Stewart’s broodiness as a 12-year-old and how the world flocks to tabloid gossip stories that she’s featured in.

“There is like, you know, a whole other form of entertainment that is just voraciously consumed,” she said. Luckily, she believes people know the difference between fact and fiction and is banking on her fans taking the media with “a whole big boulder of salt.”

Also Read: OscarWrap: Julianne Moore Still a Contender, Still Brilliant in ‘Still Alice’

The actress, who got her big break as Jodie Foster‘s daughter in the 2002 David Fincher film “Panic Room,” didn’t become a household name until starring as Bella opposite Taylor Lautner and Robert Pattinson in the film adaptations of Stephenie Meyer’s “Twilight” novels.

Her real life love affair with co-star Pattinson captured the heart of “Twilight’s” legion of passionate fans. But after an alleged romantic indiscretion with her “Snow White and the Huntsman” director Rupert Sanders was caught on camera and Stewart and Pattinson broke up, the actress suddenly found herself at the heart of a media frenzy.

Since then, she has starred in projects with smaller fan bases, including “Still Alice” and Guantanamo Bay drama, “Camp X-Ray.”

Also Read: ‘Camp X-Ray’ Review: Kristen Stewart Goes to Gitmo, Without a Script

“Movies can be important,” Stewart said of “Still Alice,” which netted Moore a Golden Globe on Sunday. “This one is.”

Watch the first clip above and additional clips below:

Julianne Moore Describes Meeting A Brooding 12-Year-Old Kristen Stewart

Kristen Stewart’s Advice For Picking Roles: Don’t Be ‘So Fame Obsessed’

