www.thesun.co.uk/news/6323812/meghan-markle-prince-harry-romance-suits-cast-secret/

Patrick Knox

Meghan Markle kept Prince Harry romance secret from Suits cast mates

MEGHAN Markle’s Suits actor friend says he warned her not to let Prince Harry “hurt her” when she revealed they were dating.

Co-star Rick Hoffman recalls offering some sage advice when she confessed her new flame was in fact royalty.

4 Rick Hoffman remembers being stunned by the extraordinary news Credit: Getty - Contributor

Hoffman said: “I had gotten the news early and I was like, you’ve got to be kidding me?

“It was like both of us in the trailer, just kind of like ‘you’re dating a prince?’…and then I was just like take it slow, be careful, don’t let him hurt you.”

The actor made the revelation as he was interviewed on NBC News’ TODAY.

Along with Meghan’s former Suits stars, Gina Torres, Sarah Rafferty, Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Kotb, he was speaking live from an exclusive location overlooking Windsor Castle.

4 Meghan Markle starred as Rachel Zane in the law series Suits Credit: AFP or licensors

Meghan's other co-star Sarah Rafferty said at the time the cast were very close.

She said: “We called ourselves the sister wives…we were with each other for longer than we went to college or high school with our friends so we became family.

"We’re still family so this is a wonderful family affair.”

4 Courting couple... Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Credit: Getty Images - Getty

4 Suits co-stars Sarah Rafferty, Gina Torres and Rick Hoffman interviewed in Windsor

MOST READ IN NEWS Breaking JET MYSTERY Plane carrying 38 passengers VANISHES en route from Chile to Antarctica BATTERED Tourist left in pool of blood after slamming ‘underage’ women at Thai strip bar Latest HOSPITAL BLOODBATH Six dead after gunman fires in Czech hospital before shooting himself Exclusive HOLOCAUST horror I watched starving Nazi prisoners eat a child - then took my revenge BREATHE FRESH LIFE Former cannibal tribe COOK ancestors’ remains daily to preserve them CHILLING SCENES Disturbing vid shows boy, 3, playing on escalator before plunging to death

Torres said they knew “very little actually” about Harry and Meghan before the rest of the world.

She added: “I mean we knew she was excited and there was reason to keep it close to the vest.”

They added that Markle told them the prince was "great", telling the presenters the couple were a "great match".

Try our Royal Wedding Snapchat lens Want to celebrate Harry and Meghan's wedding like a royal? We've made a brand new Snapchat lens just for the big day! Unlock The Sun's Royal Wedding lens on Snapchat here and send us your snaps to @TheSunUK

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

