www.express.co.uk/news/royal/1001017/Meghan-Markle-Prince-Harry-friends-loyalty-Princess-Diana-Thomas

James Bickerton

'Talk to the press you’re out' - Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s SHOCK warning to friends

A royal source said when it comes to their friends: “If you talk to the press you’re out. “They both expect a code of silence.” The source added: “Harry didn’t used to care that much about what was written. “But he’s very protective of Meghan and defensive these days.”

The couple aren’t due back on royal duty and currently spend most of their time in the Cotswolds, where they have a rented farm house which is protected by armed guards and cameras. One local told Vanity Fair: “It’s very clear they want to be left alone. “The property is in the middle of woodland and you wouldn’t know it was there. “It is very remote which is why they like it. It’s like a fortress.

“They both expect a code of silence”

Meghan Markle celebrates her 37th birthday at friend's lavish wedding Sun, August 5, 2018 Meghan, Duchess of Sussex and Prince Harry pictured at the wedding of Charlie Van Straubenzee and Daisy Jenks at the Church of St. Mary the Virgin, in Surrey Play slideshow REUTERS 1 of 17 Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, arrives at the wedding of Charlie Van Straubenzee and Daisy Jenks

“There’s a huge security presence, you can’t get close.” A source close to the couple said: “They spend a lot of time in the Cotswolds, more than people realise. “They are in the country way more than they are in London and enjoying a low-key and very domesticated start to married life.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are due to spend time with The Queen in Balmoral next month with the Duchess reportedly also keen to visit her mother in Los Angeles.

The couple are reportedly to be struggling with repeated outbursts from Thomas Markle, Meghan’s father. Last month Mr Markle provocatively claimed that Princess Diana would have “loathed” the way he was being treated by the Royal Family. Royal editor Camilla Tominey commented: “They have both been extremely upset by Thomas Markle’s behaviour and that of Meghan’s half sister Samantha and other relatives.

“They spend a lot of time in the Cotswolds, more than people realise"

