www.dailystar.co.uk/news/latest-news/705349/Princess-Diana-Prince-Harry-Meghan-Markle-pregnant-children-baby-Duke-Duchess-of-Sussex

Nicholas Bieber, Image, Pa, Kevin Law

Princess Diana says Harry & Meghan will have baby GIRL from beyond the grave

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

The Psychic Twins have revealed to Daily Star Online the “People’s Princess” has told them her son and new daughter-in-law will have their first child in 2019.

And they say Diana reveals the second will follow “in a few years” – even going as far as revealing that one of them will be a girl.

The stunning revelations come from Terry and Linda Jamison, dubbed “Nostradamus in Stilettos”, whose astonishing Royal Wedding prediction appeared to come true last weekend.

They told us that Diana would attend the Windsor Castle wedding and appear as a butterfly, then during the ceremony a fly was captured on video hitting Meghan’s face.

(Image: PA)

The twins also correctly predicted each of Prince William and Kate Middleton’s children in 2011 during a TV appearance on Sunrise Australia.

Now, in their latest conversation with Diana from beyond the grave, the Princess appears to have revealed when the new Duke and Duchess of Sussex will have children.

She told the twins: “I feel there may be a pregnancy fairly soon, before the year 2020, and both of them will be wonderful parents.

“Meghan will be a wonderful mother… another child may follow in a few years. I see at least one girl for them.

(Image: KEVIN LAW)

“Their children will be very close with Will and Kate’s children, and I see them doing many play dates and activities together.

“It warms my heart to see how happy Meghan and Harry look, and it is sincere…a very pure kind of love.”

The stunning revelations come days after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex wed in a stunning £32million Windsor Castle wedding in front of billions worldwide.

