pagesix.com/2016/05/20/david-hasselhoff-claims-hes-got-less-4k-in-the-bank/

May

David Hasselhoff’s money situation is bleak

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

David Hasselhoff‘s financial crisis continues.

The former “Baywatch” star can no longer afford the $21,000-per-month alimony payments to ex-wife Pamela Bach as he claims less than $4,000 to his name, according to TMZ. Hasselhoff, 63, who filed court documents last month to cut off the payments, has shelled out $2.3 million to his former spouse since their divorce in 2006.

Bach, 52, receives $252,000 per year from Hasselhoff, but the singer/actor only grosses $112,000 a month. Though Hasselhoff spends $66,000 of it, with living expenses, taxes and Bach’s payments, he has minimal funds to save. And while a court hearing has been set for the end of May, Hasselhoff isn’t sure if his current endeavors will be enough to salvage the payments.

Hasselhoff’s European tour was cut short due to poor ticket sales, and he’s reportedly unsure if his new reality show, “Hoff the Record,” will find the same success as his previous small-screen endeavors.

While the documents obtained by the website noted that Hasselhoff’s assets, including real estate, cars, jewelry and retirement savings, among others, total $1.79 million, the cash flow is drying up.

Though Bach’s team alleges that Hasselhoff’s net worth is more than $120 million, the newly engaged star has already nixed retirement plans to stay afloat.

“I am 63 years of age, and am at an age when I should be preparing for retirement and not having to continue working in order to pay [Bach’s] support,” Hasselhoff said in papers filed in April.

Though he is set to make an appearance in next year’s “Baywatch” reboot, it’s unclear if that paycheck will ease his stress. In addition to Bach’s payments, as well as his own expenses, Hasselhoff is responsible for daughters Hayley, 23, and TaylorAnn, 25, who live under his roof.

A rep for Hasselhoff did not immediately return our request for comment.

