www.thehollywoodgossip.com/2017/05/sofia-vergara-and-joe-manganiello-defend-marriage-slam-haters-on/

Hilton Hater

Sofia Vergara and Joe Manganiello Defend Marriage, SLAM Haters on Instagram

Sofia Vergara and Joe Manganiello would like to make something very clear:

Not only do they comprise a great looking couple, but they are doing just great as a couple as well.

Thanks for not even bothering to ask!

The latest issue of Star Magazine alleges that the Modern Family star was "caught cheating in Rome" and has been spotted on numerous occasions without her wedding ring on.

The cover also screams, in all capital letters, that the marriage between Vergera and Manganiello is "OVER!"

Is it really, though?

In an angry Instagram post, Vergara blasted these infidelity claims, stating that the tabloid Photoshopped the image in which it detailed how her finger was lacking a ring.

"The editor of this magazine is an idiot," the actress wrote simply, going on and on as follows:

"If he is going to have my ring removed to create fake 'news,' he should have made sure that he removed from social media all the other pictures of that award night in Rome where I'm wearing it.

"By the way, that's my friend, the producer of the movie Bent, that I was shooting in Rome and who came to spend Easter at my home the week later.

"#Starmagazinebullies #goinventsh*itaboutyourmother."

Wait... a supermarket tabloid twisted a harmless photograph to make it appear scandalous?

It used Photoshop? It flat-out lied?

Wow. Tell us more.

And that's exactly what Manganiello himself has done.

The former True Blood star has issued his own spirited post on Instagram, slamming this same cover story and expressing love for his wife.

"Big surprise everyone but Star created a fake story and then photo shopped my wife's engagement ring off of her finger in order to sell magazines," he wrote.

"They are run by malicious trash. Do the world a favor and don't buy their garbage."

We agree!

Just visit The Hollywood Gossip instead!

We do not charge a thing to read our celebrity news stories and we (mostly) guarantee that they are never fake.

The 40-year-old actor was mostly known for his amazing body and handsome face prior to falling for Vergara.

He opened up in the April issue of Ocean Drive magazine about being a part of a famous twosome these days.

"I was never part of a celebrity couple before this, because I never wanted to go through the difficulty that can bring in terms of paparazzi and attention," he said at the time.

"The two of us knew that once it became public that we were together -- and we had conversations about how that would change a lot of thing.

"[Vergara] is the only woman on the planet that I was willing to go through all of that for, because she’s the greatest."

Everyone together now: AWWWWWW!

Manganiello added that the attention hasn't harmed their relationship at all.

Quite the opposite, in fact.

"All that pressure has just brought us closer together," he says.

"It’s not something that we welcome into our lives. We try to stay private.

"At the end of the day, it’s really nobody else’s business but ours. It’s just that I love her and she loves me and here we are. And there is a price for that when living in the public eye.”

