www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6002395/Betty-White-96-reveals-no-plans-retire-80-years-showbusiness.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Betty White reveals that she has no plans to retire

She began her television career in 1939, the same year that World World 2 broke out in Europe.

And after eighty years going strong in the business, Betty White says she still has no plans to slow down.

The 96-year-old Golden Girls' star said she's going to continue working 'forever' as she dismissed talk of retirement, as a new documentary documents her life in front of the camera.

Going strong: Betty White says she has no plans to retire; she is seen in promo for a new documentary about her life in front of the camera.

A close friend of the Hollywood icon exclusively told Closer Weekly on Thursday that Betty is far from ready to retire and still 'loves working!'

'She told me, "I'm going to be in the saddle forever,"' Steven J. Boettcher, who co-directed the new PBS Betty documentary, Betty White: First Lady of Television, told the publication.

He added: 'She loves working; she loves the challenge. She's someone that we're all better off for that she's lived this long.'

Hollywood icon: She began her television career in 1939, the same year that World World 2 broke out in Europe

The director gave an insight to the secret of Betty's success - her kind nature.

Boettcher explained: 'We spent a great deal of time with her [on this project] and she never said a bad word about anyone. Through her career, every cast and crew member loved working with her. She'd remember every one of their names, their kids, and most importantly, the names of their pets!'

The six-time Emmy winner and last living star from the hit ‘80s sitcom The Golden Girls, has been acting since she was in her early 20s and previously told Parade magazine that she takes nothing for granted and is very humbled by her success.

Longevity: The 96-year-old Golden Girls' star said she's going to continue working 'forever'

Coming up roses: The Golden Girls star is the subject of a new PBS documentary

Adorable: The director gave an insight to the secret of Betty's success - her kind nature

'I got an award for everything: inhaling, exhaling,' she once joked of her many accolades, adding: 'I've been so spoiled rotten. I'm the luckiest old broad on two feet. Truly! I've always been working at something.'

She was a regular guest on the hit game show Password from 1961 until 1975, where she met the love of her life, host Allen Ludden.

They were married from 1963 until his death in 1981 at age 63 from cancer.

Star power: Betty rides in a Chevrolet in the Christmas Parade in Los Angeles in 1955

Golden Girl: She started in the 80s sitcom as Rose (centre) alongside Bea Arthur and Rue McClanahan

White never remarried and instead, remained a proud stepmother to Ludden’s three children from his first marriage.

She was the first woman to produce a national TV show, the first woman to star in a sitcom, the first producer to hire a female director and the first woman to receive an Emmy nomination.

Boettcher's new PBS documentary about Betty, her life, and illustrious career, is set to premiere on Tuesday, Aug. 21.

