www.celebitchy.com/375880/jennifer_aniston_warns_justin_theroux_stay_away_from_terry_richardson/



Jennifer Aniston warns Justin Theroux: stay away from Terry Richardson!

The more time Justin Theroux spends in New York City without his fiancée Jennifer Aniston, the more likely he is to spend time with his BFF Terry Richardson. Considering the recent rash of Theroux interviews, I’ve been finding it a bit odd that Uncle Terry has not been quoted at all. After all, Terry and Justin DO spend a lot of time together. Jennifer used to hang out with Terry too – Terry took the first exclusive photos of Justin and Jennifer together, and subsequently did portraits of JustJen months later as well. But that was back in 2011. I haven’t heard much about Jennifer spending time with Terry recently, just Justin. So maybe this Star Mag story is true?

Terry Richardson does not have a friend in Jennifer Aniston. Richardson, 48, who is currently facing accusations of sexual assault by multiple models, has caused major tension between Jen and her fiancé of nearly two years, Justin Theroux. While preparations for the pair’s wedding are (finally) underway, Justin is adamant that his god pal Terry do the photography. But Jennifer has issued a strict “keep the creep away” policy for their big day. “Terry rubs Jen the wrong way,” dishes a close source. “She feels like she needs to take a shower after hanging out with him. She doesn’t like his jokes or the way he talks about women, and feels like he’s constantly checking out her boobs.”

[From Star Magazine]

“Terry rubs Jen the wrong way.” That’s what all of Uncle Terry’s victims said too. No, in truth, they mostly said that Terry rubs himself the wrong way and it’s because he gets off on humiliation and degradation. So, I’m not going to say anything about Aniston other than… I hope this is true. I hope she has a good enough perv-radar to steer clear of Terry. But what’s Justin’s excuse? Ew. I don’t even want to think about that too much.

