www.indiatoday.in/movies/gossip/story/brad-pitt-jennifer-aniston-angelina-jolie-biggest-mistake-1096635-2017-11-29



Brad Pitt thinks leaving Jennifer Aniston for Angelina Jolie was the biggest mistake of his life

Hollywood doesn't seem to be able to get over the biggest split in recent times, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. Even after a year of the two superstars living separately, stories about one or the other keep making headlines.

If a recent report is to be believed, Brad Pitt apparently thinks that leaving Jennifer Aniston for Angelina Jolie was 'the biggest mistake of his life'.

A source told InTouchWeekly.com that Brad is now 'in touch with his emotions and his true self like never before'.

"He's come to realise that leaving Jen for Angelina was one of the biggest mistakes of his life," the source told the website.

"And while he's not in love with Jen, he realises how much he does love her. Brad keeps telling friends that he's seeing everything more clearly," said the source.

Jennifer Aniston, meanwhile, is married to her Wanderlust co-star Justin Theroux. The two tied the knot in 2015.

Brad, on the other hand, split with Angelina Jolie last year, after a nine-year relationship, followed by a two-year marriage. The War Machine star is reportedly sober now, after his therapy and is seeing everything more clearly.

But he does not want to wreck Jennifer's marriage with Justin. The source informed the website that while Brad would not 'dream of ruining his ex's new marriage', he 'would take a second chance at love with Jen in a heartbeat'.

Pitt was married to Aniston when he fell for Angelina Jolie, on the sets of Mrs And Mrs Smith. His five-year marriage to Aniston soon hit choppy waters and a divorce followed.

Brad and Angelina went on to have a nine-year-long relationship that culminated in a fairy-tale wedding in 2014. And then, last year, Brangelina left the world shocked with the revelation that they had ended their marriage.

About two months ago, there were reports that Brad might have finally apologised to Jennifer for leaving her when he fell in love with Angelina.

"He's been determined to apologise for everything he put her through, and that's exactly what he did. It was the most intimate conversation Brad and Jen have ever had," a source told a publication in September this year.

An overwhelmed Jennifer is said to have broken down after Brad's heartfelt apology. "All the hurt feelings and resentment she'd suppressed for years came flooding to the surface, and she broke down in tears," the source added.

It was a photoshoot for a magazine, with Brad and Angelina sprawled all across the pages, playing 'house', that drove the final nail in the coffin as far as Aniston's marriage to Pitt was concerned. A few weeks ago, there were reports that Brad might be dating 21-year-old actress Ella Purnell, who played Angelina Jolie's teenage version in the film Maleficent.

