www.news.com.au/entertainment/celebrity-life/jennifer-lawrence-slammed-for-hurricane-jab-at-donald-trump/news-story/504461b0aa5170b3f5741f3a27e7f6e3

New York Post

Jennifer Lawrence slammed for hurricane jab at Donald Trump

OSCAR-WINNING actress Jennifer Lawrence has suggested the devastating hurricanes in Texas and approaching Florida were signs of “Mother Nature’s rage and wrath” at America for electing Donald Trump and not believing in man-made climate change.

Lawrence, who is promoting her new drama Mother!, appeared on British network Channel 4, where she discussed topics ranging from the movie to the gender pay gap and Mr Trump.

“It’s scary,” the actress responded to the interviewer’s assertion that there was “an end-of-days feeling” across the world and especially in the US.

“You know, it’s this new language that’s forming. I don’t even recognise it. It’s also scary to know that climate change is due to human activity, and we continue to ignore it, and the only voice that we really have is through voting.”

“And you have voted very recently, as a country” the reporter noted – to which Lawrence replied that “it was really startling” Mr Trump was elected.

She then suggested the recent hurricanes devastating Texas and nearing Florida may have been prompted by Mr Trump winning the presidency.

“You know, you’re watching these hurricanes now, and it’s really hard, especially while promoting this movie, not to feel Mother Nature’s rage and wrath,” Lawrence said.

Lawrence later said the conversation topics of Mr Trump and US politics were “really polarising and upsetting.”

“You know, I’ve heard things and seen things on TV in my own country that devastate me and make me sick, and it’s just really confusing,” she said.

After being asked whether she finds Mr Trump confusing, the actress fired back, saying, “I don’t find him confusing. I think I know exactly what he is.”

Lawrence has never been shy about sharing her opinions on the President.

In 2015, when Trump had just launched his presidential campaign, she said a victory by him would “be the end of the world,” during an Entertainment Weekly interview.

Social media users were quick to hit out at the star for politicising a natural disaster.

What a dumbass!! Typical Hollywood snowflake. Should stick to memorizing lines and not using brain. #JenniferLawrence #MAGA — George Branton (@GeorgeBranton) September 8, 2017

Opens twitter

Reads, "Jennifer Lawrence said hurricanes are punishment for voting for Trump."

Closes Twitter

Never watches her movies again — Nate Inman (@StreetsofCberry) September 8, 2017

Hollywood's ..Jennifer Lawrence has stated this Hurricane season is because we voted for Trump .. WOW.I guess "IF" HRC had won /we wld b OK — Howdy Doodie (@StumpJumper6868) September 8, 2017

