www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4304392/Eva-Mendes-attends-premiere-Ryan-Gosling-s-Song-Song.html

Kelvera At Dailymail.Com

Eva Mendes attends Ryan Gosling's Song To Song premiere

Eva Mendes did not attend the Oscars this year with long-time love Ryan Gosling (he was nominated for Best Actor for his role in La La Land) because she is too much of a homebody, she told Shape magazine earlier this week.

But the actress traveled to Austin, Texas to join her man at the premiere of is latest film Song To Song at South By South West on Friday.

The mother-of-two took to Instagram to share a shot of the Paramount Theater where the film premiered.

She made it! Eva Mendes made her way to SWSX for the premiere of partner Ryan Gosling's new film Song To Song in Austin, Texas on Friday

Under the radar: The star was happy to support her partner of six years and father of her child Ryan Gosling, but remained low-key and out of sight at the event. Pictured 2012

Eva and Ryan have two children together; Esmeralda Amada, aged two, and Amada Lee, who will be one in April.

Eva didn't walk the red carpet, but did show that she was in attendance with her social media, which she captioned with a simple heart.

Ryan's latest film Song To Song is an experimental tale of love and music set in Austin and co-starring Rooney Mara, Michael Fassbender, and Natalie Portman.

The film is directed by Terrence Malik and gets a wide release March 17 2017.

Premiere: Ryan looked dapper at the premiere of the experimental romance directed by Terrance Malik

The Hitch star recently opened up about why she feels better out of the camera's eye in an interview with Shape Magazine.

'What people don’t know about me is that I love being home,' said the mother to Esmeralda, aged two, and Amanda, 11 months.

'Instead of hitting the red carpet, I’d rather be with our girls.'

Homebody: The star recently opened up about why she'd rather skip the red carpet, saying that she'd prefer to spend the night in with her daughters than go out

Inside the magazine, the star looked remarkably slimmed down just one year after welcoming her second child.

The dedicated pair met and fell in love while costarring in The Place Beyond The Pines together in 2011.

Night out: Eva skipped Oscar night with Ryan, who can be seen here with his La La Land co-star Emma Stone

