www.aceshowbiz.com/news/view/00109389.html



Avril Lavigne Is 'Mildly Amused' by Resurfaced Death Hoax

Celebrity

The 32-year-old Canadian songstress is said feeling 'mildly amused' by the resurfaced conspiracy theory that falsely claims she died 14 years ago.

May 16, 2017

AceShowbiz - A conspiracy theory that falsely claims %cAvril Lavigne% died 14 years ago resurfaced over the weekend. And according to Gossip Cop, the 32-year-old Canadian songstress is "mildly amused" by the reemergence of the death hoax that suggested she died in 2003 at the height of her career, and was replaced by a look-alike called Melissa Vandella.

The death hoax resurfaced over the weekend after a fan reignited the rumors in a Twitter thread, causing Avril's name to become a trending topic. Some confused fans commented on the social media, with one user who was fooled by the theory writing, "I want to sleep but is Avril Lavigne really Avril Lavigne."

so she decided to hire a look alike to walk around LA for her and pose for the paparazzi (avril on the left, look alike on the right) pic.twitter.com/wNSrDVh09i — 🅴 (@givenchyass) May 13, 2017

"I'm not saying Avril Lavigne was replaced by Melissa Vandella but I am saying that I've never seen them in the same room," tweeted another fan. There's also a fan who expressed, "I can't sleep and I'm scared to walk outside my room because of the Avril Lavigne theory." One other said, "Just got up to date on the Avril Lavigne conspiracy theory...it almost had me believing it."

But of course Avril is very much alive. A source close to Avril tells Gossip Cop that the singer finds the death hoax "bizarre." The "Sk8ter Boi" hitmaker has been battling Lyme Disease since 2015, though. She also went through a painful divorce from %cChad Kroeger%.

Avril announced her separation from the %cNickelback% frontman via Instagram in late 2015, more than two years after they tied the knot at the Chateau de La Napoule in the South of France following their one-year relationship.

