www.cosmopolitan.com/entertainment/celebs/a21288807/why-kylie-jenner-wont-share-pictures-of-stormi/

Emma Baty, Emma Baty Is The Associate Entertainment Editor At Cosmopolitan Who Focuses On Movies

Here's Why Kylie Jenner Decided to Stop Sharing Pictures of Stormi

Yesterday, Kylie Jenner said she'll no longer be sharing pictures of Stormi's face, and the reason is beyond heartbreaking.

An insider told People that Kylie made the decision because of the "nasty" comments she was seeing on pictures of her daughter.

“Kylie felt so protective of her baby when she was pregnant. This is why she didn’t share any bump pictures while she was pregnant. After Stormi was born, Kylie was the proudest mom.”

“She couldn’t wait to show off Stormi to her fans. She posted pictures, because she was so excited to be a mom. Unfortunately, social media is a crazy place. People have been making nasty comments."

“Kylie is shocked and doesn’t want her daughter’s pictures to be a part of something negative. She might reconsider in the future, but for now, she won’t post any more photos of Stormi’s face.”

On Sunday, Kylie posted the below photo, which showed only part of Stormi's head, and when a commenter called her out on cropping out her daughter, she said "yeah I cut my baby out. I’m not sharing photos of my girl right now."



That's when fans noticed that Kylie had gone back and deleted old photos of Stormi, too.



The decision comes amid (very crazy and somewhat rude) rumors that Kylie's baby isn't actually Travis Scott's. In May, people on Instagram started taking pictures of Stormi's face and placing them next to photos of Kylie's former bodyguard Tim Chung, commenting on how similar the two looked. Tim denied the rumor via a statement on social media.

And Kylie did her part when she posted a photo of her and Travis from the Met Gala with the caption "Stormi's parents."



So it looks like that settles that, but prepare yourself for a Stormi picture drought with an end date TBD.

Follow Emma on Instagram.

