www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4237602/Robin-Roberts-Michael-Strahan-spark-feud-rumors.html

Chris Spargo For Dailymail.Com

Robin Roberts and Michael Strahan spark feud rumors

A little less than a year after his hasty exit from Live With Kelly, Michael Strahan is reportedly at odds with yet another of his early morning co-hosts.

The popular ABC personality and longtime Good Morning America host Robin Roberts are rumored to be feuding after photos emerged of the pair having what looked to be a heated argument on the morning of January 26 while on the set of their show.

But the rumor turns out to be just that, with multiple people who have knowledge of the situation telling DailyMail.com that the pictures in question show Strahan and Roberts in an animated conversation about sports with ESPN reporter Tom Rinaldi, a guest on the program that morning.

The exact nature of the talk is not known, but the three were likely discussing the news coming out of Australia just hours prior that Venus and Serena Williams would be meeting in their first Grand Slam final in eight years.

Scroll down for video

Heated hosts: Rumors emerged earlier this week that Good Moring America co-hosts Robin Roberts and Michael Strahan were feuding on set

Less than optimal optics: The pair were photographed on the set of the popular ABC morning show January 26 having an animated conversation

Making a point: Roberts could be seen motioning with her hands while speaking with ESPN reporter Tom Rinaldi as Strahan stood silently by her side

The day the photos were taken was perhaps the biggest news day of the year to date at the show, which started off the morning by airing exclusive footage from World News Tonight anchor David Muir's exclusive sitdown with President Donald Trump.

It was the newly inaugurated commander-in-chief's first network interview of his presidency.

The show that day also focused on the news that television icon Mary Tyler Moore had passed away one day prior.

Then came Rinaldi's segment on the program about the Williams sisters showdown in Melbourne, with the two both having won their semifinal matches in the Australian Open shortly before airtime to set up a meeting in the finals of the Grand Slam event.

Strahan introduced Rinaldi, who broke down the story as Roberts and her retired football player co-host both excitedly talked about the news on air.

It was featured on the Big Board segment of the show, during which the talking heads are normally not in the studio with the hosts, but that was not the case on the day in question.

Historic day: Multiple sources with knoledge of the situation tell DailyMail.com that the three were excitedly discussing Venus and Serena Williams

Shut it down: 'The only disagreement on set was over who was going to win the Super Bowl' said an insider

Rinaldi was actually in Times Square with Starhan and Roberts, and the three sat down at the desk to the side of the anchor's table to discuss the story.

After raving about the talent of the girls and this 'imprabable' meting, Roberts discussed how amazing it was that the pair's parents predicted this success for their daughters decades ago.

The two then joked about how Strahan, like the Williams sisters continued his career into his mid-thirties and noted how 'dapper' Rinaldi looked in his suit before the show went to commercial break.

It was right before that Big Board segment when photos were taken that showed Roberts gesturing towards Rinaldi while Strahan stood by her side.

Some thought that the ESPN host was a producer and Roberts was complaining about Strahan, but in fact the three were just discussing the sisters win before the show returned to air.

And as seen during the segment, Roberts,m Strahan and Rinaldi were all in jovial moods and did not appear to have just had a heated discussion.

Mistaken identity: The rumors began when some thought that Rinadi was a producer for the program to whom Roberts was voicing complaints

After rumors began to fly about a possible feud and insider said: 'The only disagreement on set was over who was going to win the Super Bowl. Everyone at GMA is thrilled to have Michael on the show full-time. He’s a fantastic addition to the team.'

Roberts publicly stated how fond she was of Strahan too earlier this week when she posted a photo of him laughing on the set to her Twitter account - on Valentine's Day.

She wrote that Strahan 'does make me laugh...he brightens my morning every day!'

That was followed by an emoji with two giant heart-eyes.

Strahan returned the love by retweeting Roberts and adding a emoji of a kissing face that same day.

Live in person: Rinaldi's report came during the show's Big Board segment, and he was live in studio that day

Rumors of tension on set are nothing new to Strahan.

News of his departure last April from Live With Kelly & Michel was surrounded by drama after Ripa did not turn up for work the day after it was announced he was moving to Good Morning America full-time come September.

Ripa, it turned out, had been blindsided by the news and it was a week before she returned to her hosting duties.

'I wasn't surprised by her reaction at all, but I can't control somebody else's actions,' he reflected later in a interview with People.

'I was there four years, and it's about more than just being in front of the camera.'

Strahan, 44, who had been on Live! for four years, added: 'Toward the end of it all, we didn't communicate that much. I kinda looked at it like, "It was what it was."

Keeping quiet: Strahan and Roberts were also seen quietly sitting next to one another during breaks

Roberts expressed her love for Strahan on Valentine's Day, tweeting about how much he makes her laugh

Strahan shared his admiration for his co-host by retweeting the message and adding an emoji

'The show was going well? We're all winning. That's all that matters to me.'

The drama was so bad that Strahan left Live! earlier than planned at the network's request, leaving Kelly, 46, to begin the process of finding a new co-host.

'The most disappointing thing to me was that I was painted as the bad guy,' said Strahan.

'I value the way I carry myself,' he said. 'I don't want people to see me as "Oh, he just ran out, just left them there." That's just not true.

'On air all I could do was control myself. In football, New York is the toughest place to play. One day you're the greatest player they've ever seen, then the next game you're the worst.

'But I got older in that business and I said, "Hey, it doesn't matter what their opinion is. All I know is I'm doing my best, and I'm giving it everything I have."'

Strahan also said of his relationship with Ripa: 'At one point I think we were friends. I don't know what happened in the end'.

Reading glasses: The pair used their commercial breaks to prep for upcoming segments on that day

Executives at ABC were apparently less than thrilled with Strahan however after his comments about Ripa in that interview.

'They were livid,' a source told DailyMail.com about the reaction of multiple executives when they read the story.

'Things had finally calmed down and then he goes and does this interview, throwing Ben Sherwood under the bus.'

Sherwood, the rpesident of ABC, had just issued a public apology to Ripa and about how the situation was handled just one week prior.

A spokesperson for ABC shot down claims that anyone at the network was 'livid,' pointing out that Strahan's story got its own segment on the program the week that it hit newsstands.

That segment did not however mention Strahan's comments about Ripa or Live

The source also said that the team at Good Morning America was also less than thrilled with the Strahan story.

'They think it looks like he came in with his own agenda - which is himself,' said the source.

Strahan was also involved in a feud with former Live co-host Kelly Ripa after he decided to leave the show for GMA

'It is just clear that he is always trying to blame everyone but himself for what happened when in fact he is the one who said on Live two years ago that he would never leave the show and wasn't going anywhere.'

Ripa made it clear she was angry with both the network and Strahan when she learned he was leaving the show for Good Morning America on April 19 only an hour before it was publicly announced.

After missing four episodes, Ripa held hands with Strahan as she returned to the set on April 26 and joked that the 'long national nightmare' was over.

'I needed a couple days to gather my thoughts,' she told the audience that day.

'After 26 years with this company, I earned the right. Let's be honest, I know half of you called in sick to be here, so we get each other.'

Ripa added that 'apologies have been made' and said she was thrilled for Strahan, who was chosen to be Regis Philbin's successor on the show in 2012.

She has been hosting the show since Strahan's exit with guest hosts including her husband Mark Consuelos, close friends Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen, and Pennsylvania high school teacher Richard Curtis, who won the Live co-hot search.

Megyn Kelly also stopped by the day after the election in a rare early appearance for the primetime news host that came just two months before it was revealed she had signed a new contract with NBC where she will have her own morning show.

