www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5697191/Justin-Theroux-flashes-beard-girlfriend-Petra-Collins-Jennifer-Aniston-split.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Justin Theroux flashes beard while with 'girlfriend' Petra Collins

They were rumored to be dating after his split with Jennifer Aniston in February.

And Justin Theroux and artist Petra Collins were spotted together again Saturday night in NYC where they attended Harry Josh's pre-Met Gala party.

The Leftovers actor, 46, was scruffy-yet-handsome in an olive green shirt as he walked into the affair several steps in front of the photographer/music video director, 25.

Let's get together! Justin Theroux and rumored girlfriend/artist Petra Collins were spotted together Saturday night in NYC where they attended Harry Josh's pre-Met Gala party

Justin rolled up the sleeves on his thin button-up, with was emblazoned with the initials USMC on the pocket.

He tucked his hands into the pockets of his skinny jeans, revealing a hint of an orange tee shirt beneath his outer layer.

Behind him, Petra flaunted her flat abs in a black baby tee and mellow mom jeans.

She slung a canvas jacket over her shoulders and carried a cool cheetah print fanny pack on her arm while also sporting Gucci flats and socks on foot.

Keeping their distance: The Leftovers actor walked into the affair several steps in front of the photographer

Abs-olute wonder: Behind him, Petra flaunted her flat abs in a black baby tee and mellow mom jeans

The photographer/model wore her hair down, letting her twists of curls hang freely.

The duo were joined by another friend, who wore a similarly laid back look.

According to insiders, the Mute actor is apparently 'obsessed' with Collins, who he's been enjoying 'cozy dinner dates' with, Radar reported.

A source said: 'Justin and Petra have been carrying on for some time. He insists that they’re just 'friends,' but he seems obsessed with her, and Jen isn’t buying it.'

Apple of his eye! According to insiders, the Mute actor is apparently 'obsessed' with Collins (above in February), who he's been enjoying 'cozy dinner dates' with, Radar reported

The pair apparently connected on the New York art scene and 'hit it off right away', the source added.

Petra isn't the only lady Justin's been linked to since he and ex Jennifer Aniston announced their split in February, after just two-and-a-half years of marriage.

In April Theroux was rumored to be dating model Erika Cardenas after the pair were spotted lunching together in NYC, but according to a source at DailyMail.com, Cardenas met Theroux at the gym and the two are 'just friends.'

At the end of March, Justin got tongues wagging when he met up with Aubrey Plaza for lunch, despite the fact the Parks And Rec actress has been dating screenwriter beau Jeff Baena for seven-years.

