radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/05/tristan-thompson-controlling-demands-khloe-kardashian-cheating-scandal/

Radar Staff, May

Tristan Thompson Slaps Khloe Kardashian With List Of Demands

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Tristan Slaps Khloe With Nasty List Of Demands As She Decides To Stay In Toxic Relationship

Tristan Slaps Khloe With Nasty List Of Demands As She Decides To Stay In Toxic Relationship

Tristan Slaps Khloe With Nasty List Of Demands As She Decides To Stay In Toxic Relationship Thompson is 'in the driver's seat' after cheating on baby mama Kardashian.

Tristan Thompson has slapped Khloe Kardashian with a shocking list of demands after his explosive cheating scandal, RadarOnline.com learned exclusively.

The NBA star amped up his controlling behavior “in return for staying in Khloe’s life in the long-term,” spilled a family insider.

“Tristan continues to insist he’s done nothing wrong, and blames Khloe’s family for exaggerating his womanizing and trying to ruin his reputation.”

Thompson refused to back down as confused Kardashian continued to struggle with her decision of whether to stay or leave her cheating baby daddy.

“He’s willing to walk away, but Khloe’s desperate to work this out, so Tristan’s in the driving seat right now.”

Ultimatums were set for the KUWTK star on the heels of his infidelity.

“He’s agreed to stick around for now, but only if the family stops spreading stories, and he gets cut into Khloe’s portion of profits for the show,” the source added.

“He wants Khloe to let him see True any time he wants and insists she should fly out to meet him where he is,” said the insider. “He can’t just jump on a plane to L.A. when he’s got a game coming up.”

“What’s really galling here is Tristan’s ‘you owe me’ attitude. Khloe is actually considering some but not all of Tristan’s demands.”

The new mom, 33, has struggled with the idea of giving Thompson, 27, another chance.

As Radar previously reported exclusively, the reality star was toying with the idea of ditching her baby daddy for Los Angeles after being holed up with him in Cleveland.

However, it seems she’s sticking with her badly-behaving boyfriend — at least for now. On Friday, May 4, Kardashian and Thompson were spotted together at the TownHall restaurant in Cleveland. Then the following day, she was seen supporting her man from the stands at the Cavaliers game.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

For the biggest celebrity news stories of the day, controversies, crime, and other hot topics listen to our new podcast ‘All Rise’ below!



