celebrityinsider.org/brad-pitt-is-reportedly-ready-for-neri-oxman-to-meet-his-kids-how-will-angelina-jolie-react-152856/

Suzy Kerr

Brad Pitt Is Reportedly Ready For Neri Oxman To Meet His Kids! How Will Angelina Jolie React?

Things are getting serious between Brad Pitt and his new girlfriend Neri Oxman, and a new report claims that he is ready to introduce her to his six children. Is the couple ready to take the next step in their relationship?

“Brad cannot get enough of her and he thinks the next step is having her meet his children,” claims an insider.

The source also said that Oxman – an MIT professor – “wears the pants in their relationship,” but Pitt doesn’t have a problem with that. The 54-year-old is telling friends that his is in love and his sexual chemistry with Oxman is “off the hook.”

Pitt split with Angelina Jolie back in September 2016 and the two are still trying to reach a settlement in their divorce and a custody agreement for Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 11, Knox, 9, and Vivienne, 9. Pitt wants to be certain that there are provisions in the custody agreement that will make sure he gets custodial time with all of his kids.

Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie are still having custody issues. https://t.co/SXSj5Mq8cH — Perez Hilton (@PerezHilton) May 25, 2018

To make things easier on the kids, Jolie bought a house near Pitt’s, but sources say that the actress has been hesitant to make a custody agreement with her ex because he has essentially forced her to settle down in L.A. with their children.

The Ocean’s 11 star decided to rearrange his schedule and take a project in Los Angeles this summer, so he could spend as much time as possible with the Jolie-Pitt brood, and Oxman is traveling back and forth between her home in Massachusetts and his house in California.

The two are still “very much in each other’s lives,” but Pitt would like to see Oxman more. However, she has her own life in Boston, so they will have to settle for long-distance at the moment.

“He said if you ever make her feel uncomfortable again, I’ll kill you." The 1st rule of Fight Club is you don't talk about Fight Club. The 2nd rule of Fight Club is Brad Pitt is awesome.#MeToohttps://t.co/UzCMF40FGd — Greg Morelli (@yesgregyes) May 24, 2018

This arrangement may be working for Pitt and Oxman, but some reports claim that Jolie is not happy because she can’t bring the kids with her to London this summer while she films Maleficent 2. Pitt wants the kids in Los Angeles and to see them on the regular custody schedule. He is not okay with them being gone for an extended period of time. He believes it is best for them to stay home.

Advertisement

But still, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie continue to try and work out a custody agreement and divorce settlement that they both can be happy with, but insiders say the two remain at odds.

