www.wetpaint.com/kanye-west-marquette-king-kim-kardashian-call-1552238/

January

Kanye West Confronts Kim Kardashian’s Rumored Other Man — Report

Credit: Kanye West on Twitter

Kanye West Confronts Kim Kardashian’s Rumored Other Man — Report

by 0 Shares

Advertisement

Kanye West cannot take these cheating rumors. Yeezy, 39, is so fed up with the speculation Kim Kardashian is cheating on him, he reportedly went straight to the source and called his wife’s alleged other man, Marquette King.

A photo posted by Marquette King (@marquetteking) on Jan 4, 2017 at 8:27am PST

Credit: Kim Kardashian on Instagram

North West’s parents apparently got into an “explosive fight” last week after Kimmy, 35, was accused of cheating with football player Marquette. “Kanye called Marquette himself behind Kim’s back. He needed to know once and for all if this was true,” an insider tells RadarOnline.com. So, what did Marquette say?

The contents of the rapper and athlete’s convo is still a secret. But, it’s clear the “Stronger” performer may have wrecked his relationship even further by having the chat.

“Kim told Kanye to drop it, and he did not, and it caused even more drama between them!” the chatty pal claims. It’s possible Kim has already forgiven her husband for his supposed impulsive behavior, as another pal says the Kardashian-West marriage is on the mend after months of divorce rumors.

Credit: Instagram

A photo posted by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Sep 30, 2016 at 10:57am PDT

“Kanye and Kim are still in that very polite stage after a blow up,” a source tells People. Still, things are far from perfect for the duo following Kim’s Paris robbery, Kanye’s mental breakdown, and his controversial meeting with reality star-turned-president elect, Donald Trump.

A photo posted by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Sep 16, 2016 at 6:58am PDT

“They’re getting along better, but it’s still a difficult time,” the insider continues. The aforementioned issues aren’t the only strains on the famous pair’s love life.

“Kanye still doesn’t have closure about his mother, and I don’t know that he ever will,” the friend explains of Donda West’s death in 2007. When the anniversary comes along, it’s like the wound is reopened. Some years, he does okay in managing it … This was a year where things went off the rails.” At least Kim and Kanye’s latest appearance on social media proves they’re moving forward.

