www.express.co.uk/news/royal/990164/prince-george-news-why-does-prince-george-only-wear-shorts

Rachel Russell

Prince George news: Why does Prince George only wear shorts?

Regardless of the weather, The Duke and Duchess’ eldest son always wears shorts during public appearances.



According to a royal expert, young boys wear shorts as a sign of being a member of the upper class British elite.



Prince George, 4, is a member of the royal family and third in line to the throne, so much uphold this tradition.



Etiquette expert William Hanson told Harper’s Bazaar: “It's a very English thing to dress a young boy in shorts.

"Trousers are for older boys and men, whereas shorts on young boys is one of those silent class markers that we have in England.



"Although times are (slowly) changing, a pair of trousers on a young boy is considered quite middle class – quite suburban.



"And no self-respecting aristo or royal would want to be considered suburban. Even the Duchess of Cambridge."



However, when a boy turns eight, he is then able to wear trousers.

Prince George news: The four-year-old follows a royal style rule

Prince George news: The Cambridges were pictured for the first time last week as a family of five

This means his younger brother Louis, who was born on April 23 this year, will follow the same custom.



When they get older, there will still be clothing rules similar to what Prince William and Prince Harry followed when they were growing up.



They may wear suits during formal events and chinos with shirts for more informal settings.



The princes are unlikely to be seen wearing jeans, as this is deemed too casual.

Prince George news: The royal was last seen in public for his brother's christening

First pictures of Prince William and Kate Middleton as a family of five Tue, July 10, 2018 Prince William and Kate Middleton pictured as a family of five at Prince Louis Christening. Play slideshow PA 1 of 10 The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrive for Prince Louis' christening

