www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3586901/Caitlyn-Jenner-transition-Bruce-suffering-sex-change-regret-claims-longtime-friend.html

Chris Spargo For Dailymail.Com

Caitlyn Jenner may 'de-transition back to Bruce after suffering from sex change regret'

Caitlyn Jenner has no plans to detransition back to Bruce.

A rep for the reality star said that a report that she wants to transition back to a male is untrue.

Ian Halperin, the author of Kardashian Dynasty: The Controversial Rise of America’s Royal Family, first made the claim after speaking with multiple sources he said told him that Jenner had been experiencing 'sex change regret.'

Halperin told The Wrap that one of Jenner's longtime friend - who is not named - told him her detransition could happen in the next few years.

Scroll down for video

Claims: Caitlyn Jenner (above in April) may detransition back to Bruce according to multiple sources who spoke with Ian Halperin

Report: Halperin claims one longtime friend of Jenner told him; 'I think there’s a chance she’ll de-transition in the next couple years' (Jenner above in September 2013)

'It hasn’t been easy for Caitlyn, it’s been very hard,' Halperin said Jenner's longtime friend told him.

'She’s thrilled she has raised awareness about how transgender people have long been discriminated against but I think there’s a chance she’ll detransition in the next couple years.

'I don’t think it would surprise anybody in her inner circle.

'It has been much harder than she anticipated. My heart goes out to her and I know her true friends will be there to support her on whatever path she chooses.'

Halperin is also claiming that multiple sources have told him Jenner is also thinking about detransitioning because she is still attracted to woman.

'Not worth commenting on such an idiotic report,' a rep for Jenner told the New York Daily News when asked about the report Thursday morning.

'Of course it's not true.'

Jenner publicly revealed she was transitioning in a 20/20 interview with Diane Sawyer last year, telling the veteran newscaster; 'For all intents and purposes, I am a woman.'

She went on to say in that interview; 'My brain is much more female than it is male. That's what my soul is. Bruce lives a lie. She is not a lie. I can't do it anymore.'

DETRANSITIONING The process of detransitioning varies drastically from person to person based on the hormones they have taken and surgeries they have undergone, if any. In the case of a person who has transitioned from male to female a doctor would most likely take them off of estrogen and put them on testosterone. The individual would also be encouraged to receive therapy during this time to work through any possible trauma or mental health problems caused by the switch in hormones. A MtF individual can reverse their breast augmentation by having their implants removed. If a person wants to reverse a vaginoplasty their pelvic space would be closed and a neo-phallus created.

Then, last June, Jenner appeared on the cover of Vanity Fair's July issue wearing a white satin bustier with the words; 'I Am Caitlyn.'

She said in the accompanying interview that shooting the cover of the magazine was better than winning an Olympic gold medal.

'The last few days of doing this shoot was about my life and who I am as a person,' said Caitlyn.

'It's not about the fanfare, it's not about the people cheering in the stadium, its not about going down the street getting an ''Atta boy Bruce" pat on the back, okay, this is about your life.

'Soon as the Vanity Fair cover comes out, I'm free.'

Later that day Jenner created a Twitter account, writing in her first tweet; 'I’m so happy after such a long struggle to be living my true self. Welcome to the world Caitlyn. Can’t wait for you to get to know her/me.'

It was also announced around this time that Jenner would begin appearing in the E! reality show I Am Cait, which debuted last July and recently finished airing its second season.

Halperin claimed in his Kardashian book that Kris Jenner was aware of Caitlytn's desire to transition and wrote that she forced him to attend religious conversion therapy.

Chelsea Attonley, a British woman who detransitioned, shared her story with Vice, saying how positive her transition was at first and how it eliminated her depression.

'Overnight it just disappeared,' she said.

'I felt absolutely amazing, I felt at peace with myself and that everything was right with the world.'

Problems soon arose however and she made the decision to detransition.

Her doctors decided to start this by slowly weaning her off of the hormones she was taking and reversing the breast augmentation they had performed.

'I had to stop the transition because it was affecting my mental health too much and starting to affect my body,' she explained.

Reversing hormones and breast augmentation (or a double mastectomy) are far easier to do than if an individual has had a vaginoplasty or phalloplasty.

Attonley, who had not at that time had a vaginoplasty, still felt regrets even after she began to detransition however, and eventually decided to go back to being a woman.

Dr. Norman Spack, an endocrinologist at Boston Children's Hospital who treats transgender children, spoke about how rare detransitioning is in a TED Talk.

'When puberty begins, that means between about age 10 to 12 in girls, 12 to 14 in boys, with breast budding or two- to three-times increase in the gonads in the case of genetic males,' explained Dr. Spack.

