www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/blake-shelton-miranda-lambert-luke-bryan-clap-back-152450

Paulina Jayne Isaac

Blake Shelton Claps Back at Miranda Lambert With Help From Luke Bryan





Divorce is never easy… especially when you’re Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert. The country music superstar just clapped back at his ex-wife with a little help from fellow country music singer, Luke Bryan. Buddies Blake and Luke performed a seemingly innocent rendition of George Strait’s “All My Exes Live In Texas” — but considering the fact that Miranda was recently called out for shading her husband, this choice of song hardly seems coincidental.

Luke’s wife, Caroline, posted a photo of her hubby dressed up like Blake for the performance. “Blake Bryan. Luke really wanted to capture the vintage Blake look….but he actually looks like Luke from our college days. #1998 #bluke #crashmyplaya,” she wrote. The singers the performed the song which fans are calling now Blake’s way of subtly shading his ex who is a proud Texas native.

Recently, during Miranda’s Livin’ Like Hippies tour, she performed her fan-favorite hit, “Little Red Wagon,” which references the years she spent married to Blake. During a Greenville, SC, concert last week, she made an unexpected update to the single’s lyrics. The original lyrics are: “Oh, you only love me for my big sunglasses / And my Tony Lomas / I live in Oklahoma,” but in the concert version, Miranda changed the “I live in Oklahoma” line to “I got the hell out of Oklahoma.”

Miranda is originally from Texas but moved to Blake’s home state of Oklahoma when they got married in 2011. After they split in 2015, she moved to Nashville — but clearly hasn’t left her failed marriage in the past. Especially since Blake has remained in Oklahoma where he is frequently spotted around town with his new girlfriend, Gwen Stefani.

Miranda also moved on with boyfriend, Anderson East but is still clearly scarred from her divorce from Blake. “The cold-blooded way Blake blindsided her with divorce, drove her out of his life, and then shoved his romance with Gwen [Stefani] in her face is something that will scar her forever,” an insider exclusively told Life & Style. “It still burns her.”

