1037theq.iheart.com/featured/iheartradio-countdown/content/2017-06-05-miley-cyrus-thanks-mike-will-made-it-on-fourth-anniversary-of-we-cant-stop/

Shari Weiss

Miley Cyrus Thanks Mike Will Made-It On Fourth Anniversary Of 'We Can’t Stop'

Now four years after the collaboration debuted, Cyrus posted on both Twitter and Instagram, “4 years ago TODAY! Thank you @mikewillmadeit for creating #Bangerz that changed my life 4evr! Love u always.” Interestingly, Cyrus’ praise comes a few weeks after she seemed to want to distance herself from the Bangerz era.

“We Can’t Stop” was released on June 3, 2013 as the lead single for Cyrus’ Bangerz album. Mike Will co-wrote the song and produced it, as he did for most tracks on the album, which was released in full that October. The first single peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 and has since gone triple platinum with more than three million sales.

Miley Cyrus is thanking Mike Will Made-It on the fourth anniversary of their hit song, “We Can’t Stop.” On Saturday, the pop star credited the rapper-producer and the track with changing her life.

As Gossip Cop reported, in May Cyrus told Billboard that she’s lost interest in certain types of rap and hip-hop music. “It’s not ‘Come sit on my d**k, suck on my c**k.’ I can’t listen to that anymore. That’s what pushed me out of the hip-hop scene a little. It was too much ‘Lamborghini, got my Rolex, got a girl on my c*ck.’ I am so not that,” she told the magazine.

The singer also addressed accusations of cultural appropriation, saying, “It’s mind-boggling to me that there was even a controversy around me having black dancers. That became a thing, where people said I was taking advantage of black culture, and with Mike. What the f*ck? That wasn’t true. Those were the dancers I liked!”

After the interview was released, Cyrus was ripped on social media by those who thought she only used the hop-hop community for fame with the Bangerz album, and was now distancing herself from what she previously embraced. In a response to the backlash, Cyrus insisted, “I respect ALL artists who speak their truth and appreciate ALL genres of music (country, pop alternative… but in this particular interview I was asked about rap.”

As her new tribute to “We Can’t Stop” indicates, she does still hold that song in high regard. As Gossip Cop reported, Cyrus included the track in her “Today” show concert last month. That said, Mike Will is not believed to be involved with the star’s upcoming album.

Photo: Getty Images

