www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-marriage-counseling-134789/photos/kanye-west-kim-kardashian-quote-5-130354

Life, Style Magazine

Kanye West Is in Marriage Counseling With Kim Kardashian (EXCLUSIVE)





Turns out, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are just like other couples: they attend marriage counseling!

Sources tell Life & Style exclusively that after a six-week trial separation earlier this year, the famous duo wanted to salvage their relationship by seeking professional help. “Their therapist comes to their home and talks with them,” an insider reveals. “They were considering divorce, but decided to try to work it out. It’s been an uphill battle, but they’ve come a long way.”

MORE: Kim Kardashian’s Butt Unfortunately Deflated Before Kanye West’s 40th Birthday

The insider adds, “They’re learning how to communicate and understand each other. They have learned to get along again. The therapy is helping, for now.”

One of the things the pair addresses in their sessions is Kanye’s anger issues. “They discuss his different triggers and how Kim can keep him from getting upset at home,” a different source shares.

But while both stars have agreed to stay together, they differ in wanting a third baby. Kim, who has daughter North, 4, and son Saint, 18 months, with Kanye, is desperate to give her kids another sibling. As for Kanye… “He doesn’t want a third child,” the source admits, “but Kim thinks she’s found a way around that.”

The 36-year-old has been searching for a surrogate to carry their frozen embryo. “She wants to choose someone outside of the state of California, where there are all kinds of surrogacy laws,” the source says. “She’s ready to go.”

Kim previously revealed that it would be extremely dangerous for her to get pregnant again, given the complications she experienced during her last two deliveries. “Not only has this been really painful, but now hearing that I can’t carry any more kids, it couldn’t get any worse,” she said on an episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians.

MORE: Kim Kardashian Is Coming for Sister Kylie Jenner With a Beauty Line of Her Own!

Here’s hoping the couple will be able to set aside their differences.

For more updates on Kimye’s relationship, pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now. And scroll through the gallery below for a look back at Kanye’s most memorable quotes about his wife!

