www.etonline.com/gwen-stefani-addresses-rumors-that-she-and-blake-shelton-are-getting-married-100034

Desiree Murphy

Gwen Stefani Addresses Rumors That She and Blake Shelton Are Getting Married

Gwen Stefani is getting candid about what life is like with "the sexiest man in the world," Blake Shelton!

The 48-year-old singer was a guest on Tuesday's The Ellen DeGeneres Show, where she gushed over her country crooner beau, and opened up about whether the two have plans to get married.

"He got sexier," Stefani joked, referencing her boyfriend being named "Sexiest Man Alive" by People magazine. "And it just keeps getting better and cuter and more country."

Host Ellen DeGeneres then asked the No Doubt rocker about all the tabloid rumors surrounding her and Shelton. Recent reports have claimed that the two are getting married, while others claim they're not ready yet, which Stefani briefly addressed.

"It's weird because, I get nervous when you talk to me about him," she admitted. "I don't know why, but for some reason, the cameras are rolling and I shouldn't say something. So if I say, 'We are [getting married],' then we are, and if I say, 'No, we're not,' then that would be sad, too."

Stefani then asked DeGeneres -- who tied the knot with Portia de Rossi in 2008 -- for her advice on marriage, and what she thinks she "should do about it."

"I love being married," DeGeneres marveled. "I think you should get married."

That's when Stefani began to open up a bit more, saying, "You know what? I love weddings, the kids love him."

"We love him," she continued, speaking on behalf of the three kids, sons Kingston, Zuma and Apollo, that she shares with her ex-husband, Gavin Rossadale. "Everybody loves him. He's lovable. I think about [marriage] all the time."

Later in the show, Stefani also talked about her just-announced Las Vegas residency, Gwen Stefani: Just a Girl, coming to the Zappos Theater at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino this summer. The platinum blond beauty is scheduled to play 25 live shows between June 2018 and March 2019.

"I feel really nervous about it, but really excited," she admitted. "I know I'm doing it, but it doesn't feel real."

Stefani, along with residency promoter Live Nation Las Vegas and Caesars Entertainment, will also be using the exciting show to do some good. They've teamed up in partnership with Cure 4 The Kids Foundation, meaning $1 of every ticket sold will be donated to the Las Vegas-based non-profit charity.

"Every ticket I sell for the show, $1 is going to Cure for Kids, which is a local Vegas charity," she explained to DeGeneres. "It just feels good, you know?"

Additionally, DeGeneres and Stefani announced that they are giving fans of The Ellen DeGeneres Show exclusive access to presale tickets by using code ELLENGWEN on Ticketmaster. Find more information on that HERE!

RELATED CONTENT:

Gwen Stefani Headed to Las Vegas for Residency Show at Planet Hollywood

Blake Shelton Gushes Over 'Adopted Okie' Gwen Stefani: 'I Love You Pretty Girl'

Gwen Stefani Enjoys ‘Spring Break’ With Her Kids in Blake Shelton’s Home State of Oklahoma: Pics!

Related Gallery

