uk.pressfrom.com/news/entertainment/-193934-kevin-hart-and-wife-celebrate-first-wedding-anniversary-after-cheating-chatter/



Entertainment Kevin Hart and wife celebrate first wedding anniversary after cheating chatter

Couple Does Hilarious 1980s Themed Photo Shoot for Their Tenth Anniversary They wanted to do something fun for the milestone. One Ohio couple took it back to the 1980s to celebrate their tenth wedding anniversary.Danielle VanHorn and Steve VanHorn wanted to do something special for the milestone. Danielle said she really enjoys getting photos taken and when she brought up the idea to her husband, he wanted to put a spin on it.“[He said] ‘Let’s do a photo shoot but let’s make it fun. What about an 80s theme?’ I said ‘sure, whatever,’” Danielle told InsideEdition.com.Danielle said she thought he’d forget about it, but the idea didn’t go away. Kevin Hart and his pregnant wife Eniko have cemented their romance following allegations of a cheating scandal by celebrating their first wedding anniversary with heartfelt notes. The Ride Along star posted a black and white photograph on Instagram, showing the newlyweds dancing on their Kevin Hart and his pregnant wife , Eniko Parrish, celebrated their first wedding anniversary with touching tributes they shared on Instagram on Sunday, August 13 — get the details! Kevin Hart , Pregnant Wife Eniko Parrish Celebrate Their First Wedding Anniversary With Touching Tributes.

© Provided by Cover Media

Kevin Hart and his pregnant wife Eniko have cemented their romance following allegations of a cheating scandal by celebrating their first wedding anniversary with heartfelt notes.

The Ride Along star posted a black and white photograph on Instagram, showing the newlyweds dancing on their wedding day last year, and thanked her for "making me happy".

"Happy 1 year anniversary to this unbelievable wife of mine," he added. "Thank u for all that you do. Thank you for loving me & supporting me at the highest level... Thank you for loving & embracing my kids & the way you do... Thank you for turning my house into home...

Kevin Hart laughs off cheating rumours

Kevin Hart has laughed off claims he cheated on his pregnant wife Eniko Parrish. The Get Hard star found himself at the centre of allegations he was unfaithful to Eniko after a video emerged which appeared to show him cuddling up to a mystery woman in a Lexus sedan at around 5am on 3 July (17).

Happy first anniversary to Kevin Hart and Eniko Hart ! The actor and comedian and his pregnant wife paid The pair's first wedding anniversary comes less than a month after photos of Kevin and a mystery woman sitting together in the backseat of a car surfaced online and spurred cheating rumors. Kevin Hart , 39, and Eniko Parrish, 33, had nothing but sweet sentiments for each other on their second wedding anniversary on Monday. The 39-year-old actor declared that he loved Eniko ‘to the moon and back’ as they each shared flashbacks to their romantic beach ceremony on Instagram, after putting

"Our family & our union is getting bigger & stronger & I love it!!!!!"

Eniko, who is expecting the couple’s first child together, shared three images from the wedding ceremony and added the caption: "I'm Grateful to God everyday for putting us together. When it's real, no love/bond can ever be faked nor broken.

"My partner in life, My other half that makes me whole, My SOULMATE. Thank you for always keeping a smile on my face. I love you more everyday. 1 year down... Forever to go! Happy 1 year anniversary babe! We made it!"

The Harts' romance was rocked at the beginning of July (17), when reports suggested Kevin was cheating on his pregnant wife following the debut of a video featuring him and a mystery woman in the back of a car in Miami, Florida.

The funnyman got serious about the gossip during an interview with Entertainment Tonight, insisting the infidelity rumours were "absolutely not true".

"It's Miami, the clubs close at 6am, so I was actually going home early," he said.

It was revealed the brunette in the car with Hart was singer Monique, who has also spoken out about the cheating chatter.

She responded to the claims in a direct message chat with Power 96 presenter Lucy Lopez, telling her, "When they make something out of nothing you just gotta laugh."

Eniko has declined to address the allegations publicly.

