honey.nine.com.au/2018/04/19/17/06/kate-middleton-meghan-markle-jealous



Kate Middleton will never be jealous of Meghan Markle; here's why

Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle appear to have formed a close relationship, despite rumours of jealousy

The public has well and truly fallen in love with royal bride-to-be Meghan Markle. Which must, by default, mean that Kate Middleton is jealous of her rising star. Right?

Short answer: no.

But, if the public speculation is anything to go by, you’d be forgiven for thinking so.

The Hollywood Gossip recently ran an article titled ‘Kate Middleton: Jealous of Meghan Markle?‘ in which they claimed that the Duchess’ upcoming third baby and lack of involvement in the royal wedding could mean “potential for resentment”.

Similarly, the Daily Beast wrote, ‘Step Aside, Kate. Meghan Is the New People’s Princess’.

But it’s not just the media. Millions of Twitter fan accounts are dedicated to Meghan, many of which seem to be focused on tearing down Kate Middleton in their wake.

The reality of royal life is very different.

9Honey’s royal correspondent Victoria Arbiter says there’s no truth in the rumours that there’s tension between the two.

“It’s interesting isn’t it? Society loves to pit women against women… so clearly because Meghan is suddenly so popular Kate must be cowering in the corner feeling sorry for herself,” she said.

“But I simply don’t think that’s how Kate operates.

RELATED: The biggest pressure Meghan Markle will face as a royal (post continues)

“She’s been in the royal fold since 2011, she’s done an incredibly good job...and I think Kate is very content with her role. She loves being a mother.

“I think she’s quite happy to let Harry and Meghan have the limelight at the moment, because it is a lot when you’re front and centre all the time, when you’re dealing with the press intrusion, public intrusion. And of course, in this day and age, when everyone has a camera phone, you really can’t ever escape it.”

The intrusion Victoria mentions was all new to Kate when she was introduced to the world as William’s fiancee in 2010, but flashing cameras and screaming fans are rather more familiar to former Suits actress Meghan.

(Getty)

While Kate had a family-orientated upper middle class upbringing in the UK, Meghan’s divorced - but loving - parents raised her in the USA. Kate went on to study at a prestigious British university, where she met William, while Meghan established her career in Hollywood. Kate married the man she met when she was a young woman, whereas Meghan is a divorcee.



But while their lives have been very different, the two women appear to be forming a close bond - one which, Victoria believes will be built on their unusual circumstances.

“I definitely think Kate will have been a tower of strength for Meghan,” she said. “And I think Kate will be offering Meghan everything which was perhaps lacking when she married into the royal family.”

View this post on Instagram A post shared by Kensington Palace (@kensingtonroyal) on Mar 12, 2018 at 11:52am PDT

Victoria believes that the public outpouring of love for Harry and Meghan might just be something of a welcome relief for the Duke and Duchess, who are about to become parents for the third time.

“I actually think William and Kate are going to be quite happy to take a bit of a step back, but also share the limelight with Meghan and Harry,” she explained.

The "Fab Four" - as they have already been coined by some - may have a world of pressure on their shoulders, but it seems more than likely that both Meghan and Kate are simply happy to have a friend to understand their unusual life path.

