www.dailystar.co.uk/showbiz/621405/George-Amal-Clooney-hire-baby-bouncers-protect-newborn-twins-Alex-Ella

Felicity Cross, Image, Epa, David Benett Getty, Wireimage

George and Amal Clooney hire 'baby bouncers' to protect newborn twins

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest Showbiz stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

The Hollywood star and his wife Amal welcomed daughter Ella and son Alexander last week.

Now the couple are planning to spend more on security to protect their family.

First on the list is a pair of bodyguards for the newborns – costing £250,000 a year.

(Image: EPA)

A source close to the family told the Daily Star Sunday: “Fatherhood was a long time coming for George so he’s not risking his brood coming to any harm.

"The ‘baby bouncers’ are just the start.

“He and Amal have really spoiled the twins. There’s been so much work done on the house ready for them.”

(Image: DAVID BENETT/GETTY)

The security men are said to have been briefed to accompany the family on outings, while also taking turns to protect the nursery.

But they won’t be relying on just their eyes.

Ocean’s 11 hunk George has laid out £100,000 on a network of motion sensors and lasers to protect his £12million mansion in Sonning, Berks.

(Image: WIREIMAGE)

Another two-man team will specifically monitor the property and a quick-response security driver is on call at £100,000 a year.

Clooney, 56, also spent £100,000 with an interior decorator to install a Simon Horn nursery suite and work to baby-safe the pad is said to have cost £800,000.

After the twins’ birth at the £8,000-a-night Kensington wing of the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital, Clooney’s publicist said: "Ella, Alexander and Amal are all healthy, happy and doing fine".

She joked: "George is sedated and should recover in a few days.”

The pal added: “We all laughed at George’s statement.

"He told us he was excited to be at the birth and back looking the part in scrubs after his days on ER."

