metro.co.uk/2018/05/25/brad-pitt-angelina-jolie-still-odds-custody-six-children-two-years-split-7578629/

Rishma Dosani

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie 'at odds' over custody of their kids

Brad and Angelina announced their split in 2016 (Picture: WireImage)

Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt shocked fans after announced their divorce, back in 2016.

But it seems that, nearly two years after confirming their split, negotiations about their children are still being decided on.

And, according to E! News, things have stalled over the Changeling actress wanting to bring their kids – Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Vivienne and Knox – to London while she films for Maleficent 2.

Angelina wants to take her six children to the UK (Picture: Getty)

‘The latest issue is that Angelina wants to film in Europe for months and take all six kids with her for the duration of the shoot,’ an insider told the publication.

‘Brad is opposed to that and is blocking it from happening. Brad will be filming in L.A. for the summer and wants to see the kids on his regular custody schedule.’

The source revealed both Brad, 54, and Angelina have been left frustrated by the situation.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘He’s not OK with his kids being away for months,’ they added. ‘He feels that Los Angeles is their home base and this is where it is best for them to be.

‘Angelina has been in London and is free to travel for shorter periods of time. Brad isn’t opposed to that. But she can’t leave with the kids for several months.’

Brad Pitt is apparently dating a university professor (Picture: WireImage)

Brangelina first started dating back in 2005, following the Ocean’s Eleven star’s divorce from Jennifer Aniston.

The pair tied the knot in 2014, but it wasn’t to last and they announced their split two years later.

It has been reported Brad has been ‘quietly dating’ a university professor after his break-up from the 42-year-old was confirmed.

And it seems the actor is quite taken with new girlfriend Neri Oxman, with a source claiming to Us Weekly: ‘Brad’s absolutely smitten by her. Their chemistry is off the charts.

‘They got romantically involved almost right away. He’s been going to great length to make sure he’s not spotted by prying eyes.’

Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Brad and Angelina for a comment.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Brad Pitt ‘threatened to kill Harvey Weinstein’, claims Gwyneth Paltrow

MORE: Jennifer Aniston enjoys post-break up night out with Ellen DeGeneres and Courteney Cox

