www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/tom-cruise-jamie-foxx-katie-holmes-141350

Anna Quintana

Tom Cruise Feels Betrayed By Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes





Almost five years to the day Katie Holmes divorced husband Tom Cruise, she made her relationship with Jamie Foxx public. However, her four-year romance with Jamie was not a secret for Tom, who has known about the couple for some time and is not a fan.

Katie, 38, started dating Jamie, 49, shortly after her divorce from Tom, 55, in 2012 but it wasn’t until this week that photos finally surfaced of the couple holding hands while walking on the beach. Tom, on his part, feels stabbed in the back by his former Collateral co-star.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BSbwlWoBrZ7/

“Tom has known about Katie and Jamie’s secret relationship since the beginning and it has always bothered him that they were hooking up. While Katie and Jamie did their best to keep things a secret from the world, Tom is too well-connected and found out about them shortly after their romance began,” a source told Hollywood Life. “Tom is shocked and upset that Katie is dating a costar he once considered a close friend. He feels betrayed by both of them.”

The timing is no coincidence when it comes to Katie’s decision to publicize her romance. According to reports, her divorce contained a clause that did not allow her to publicly date another man for five years after their split.

“Katie signed a clause in her quickie divorce settlement that prevents her from embarrassing Tom in various ways, like talking about him or Scientology, or publicly dating another man for five years after the divorce,” a source said. “She’s allowed to date, but she cannot do so in a public fashion, and she’s not supposed to let any boyfriend near their daughter Suri.”

And the couple is getting serious. Jamie was spotted hanging out Suri, Katie’s 11-year-old daughter with Tom, before her first day of school last month, and Katie is ready to take their relationship to the next level. “Katie is past the point of caring about what Tom thinks about her private life,” an insider told Life & Style exclusively. “She and Jamie are really in love.”

