theblast.com/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-tweets/

Theblast Staff, Ben Robinson Iii, Clark Sparky, Zachary Holt, Gary Trock, Lynne Versluys, Mike Walters, Ryan Naumann

Kim Kardashian Jumps into Kanye West Twitter Storm with 'KUWTK' Joke

Kanye West triumphantly returned to Twitter with a barrage of wild tweets and for the second time, his wife Kim Kardashian is jumping in to mitigate.

During today's tweet hurricane, that included digs at Nike and Michael Jordan and claims West would fly on "Yeezy force one" as president, Kanye apparently violated a long-held Kardashian/West family mandate: no showing their home on social media.



Twitter/@kanyewest

In three tweets posted by Ye, West shows off a long, stark hallway in their Hidden Hills mansion and part of an equally stark table and chairs in an adjoining room.



Twitter/@kanyewest

The captions in the tweets mention "the sunken place," [SPOILER ALERT] in reference to the brainwashing technique from "Get Out" where a white therapist mentally trapped black people in their own minds. West had mentioned the sunken place in previous tweets this week, writing that he was producing music from there.



Twitter/@kanyewest

Kim Kardashian retweeted the initial post calling her hubby out on publishing pics of their home, which they've agreed was off limits. The mogul made light of the photos and asked if this means her hit show, "Keeping Up with the Kardashians," could start filming there. Kanye and Kim are notorious for keeping their private residence away from cameras, making shooting a reality show of Kim's life a smidge more difficult.



Twitter/@kimkardashian

This isn't the first time Kim has thrown herself into the recent flurry of tweets coming from Kanye. Last week after he said he wanted to get rid of everything, she jokingly responded asking if that meant her too. Chrissy Teigen came to her defense and hilarity ensued.

However, many people in Kanye's inner circle say the tweets are part of a larger issue that most certainly isn't light-hearted or hilarious. As we previously reported, sources close to the rapper say his "erratic" behavior has his team worried about the state of his mental health. In addition to the endless mercurial tweets, we also reported that West parted ways with his manager and members of his legal team. Our story became fodder for more Kanye tweet rants earlier today about the split.

The Kardashian side is singing a different tune, however. Sources told The Blast that they are steadfast in their belief that the "I Am a God" rapper has "never been better."

