www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2018/07/03/katherine-mcphee-and-david-foster-engaged-make-may-december-romance-official.html

Stephanie Nolasco

Katherine McPhee and David Foster engaged, make May-December romance official

She may be half his age, but it looks like she's all-in on this relationship.

At age 34, Katharine McPhee is engaged to her boyfriend, 68-year-old David Foster.

A rep for the former “American Idol” star confirmed the engagement with Fox News Wednesday.

TMZ reported the celebrated music producer popped the question during their European vacation.

While it’s unknown which day he proposed, the celebrity gossip site claimed McPhee was flaunting her engagement ring while on the Italian island of Capri Sunday. She was also allegedly showing off her rock to family and friends on FaceTime.

This will be McPhee’s second marriage and Foster’s fifth. The music mogul was previously married to B.J. Cook, Rebecca Dyer, Linda Thompson and Yolanda Hadid.

The couple first sparked dating rumors in May 2017, but wouldn’t confirm their relationship until late last year.

In October, Foster’s 35-year-old daughter Erin praised McPhee to People Magazine.

“She’s amazing,” gushed Erin at the time. “I really like her. She’s awesome. My dad is kind of a hopeless romantic, and Katherine’s awesome. We really, really like her, and we’ve known her for a really long time. And if he’s happy, we’re happy.”

And McPhee hasn't been shy about praising her beau.

“… I just pinch myself when I get to spend time with him on a personal level,” McPhee told Entertainment Tonight in September. “I love his outlook on life and how he treats people. He’s really a special person in my life.

"What I’ve learned from him is how lucky we are to do what we do. He’s always reminding me and it’s comforting to know that it’s people to walk through this life he’s had – working with incredible people, being friends with ex-presidents and world leaders – and still have that perspective. He’s so well-connected, but still just a simple guy from Canada with his little Canadian accent!”

McPhee also told Health magazine in December she has known Foster for years. The couple previously collaborated for a few live performances, including his 2008 PBS tribute concert “Hit Man: David Foster & Friends.”

“We’re very close friends, and we’ve been friends for a long time,” said the “American Idol” Season 5 runner-up. “I’m really, really fond of him, and I think he’s an incredible person. I’ve known him since I was 21 years old, you know? He produced my first single. So he’s been really good to me. People can say whatever they want.”

