www.vanityfair.com/style/2018/05/jada-pinkett-smith-gabrielle-union-feud-reconciliation

Condé Nast, Kenzie Bryan

Jada Pinkett Smith and Gabrielle Union’s Secret Feud Is No Longer a Secret

Jada Pinkett Smith broke the news that, before a recent reconciliation, she and Gabrielle Union had been feuding for nearly two decades. Two decades. That’s the length of some actors’ entire careers, yet the public was none the wiser. The two actresses deserve some kind of award just for outwardly keeping the peace.

Pinkett Smith revealed the news to Extra while promoting her upcoming Facebook Watch talk show, which Union will eventually appear on. “I have a really touching episode with Gabrielle Union,” she told Extra. “We haven’t really been on the best of terms for 17 years, and we have a reconciliation. They were like, ‘We wanna do a girlfriends show,’ and I was like, ‘Well . . . .’ Her name just kept coming up. It just couldn’t be anything else. So we brought it to the table.”

17 is a very specific number, not rounded up or down. It’s a number a person can rattle off because they’ve kept the books up to date, and because something happened. That would mean that whatever went down did so in those halcyon days of 2001. This was post-Bring It On Gabrielle Union, and pre-The Matrix Reloaded Jada Pinkett Smith—around the time of Two Can Play That Game and Ali, respectively. What could have possibly happened?

They were never on a set together as far as IMDb is concerned, though Union starred alongside Pinkett Smith’s husband, Will Smith, in Bad Boys II, in 2003. The only picture that exists on the newswires where the actresses appear in the same frame is from February 2016, at the 47th NAACP Image Awards, and they have three women—Taraji P. Henson, Loretta Devine, and Tika Sumpter—between them. Was it a skirmish over the alarmingly few roles for black women in Hollywood? Or something more personal than professional? Pinkett Smith says neither of them can remember why it started. (Vanity Fair has reached out to Union for comment.)

The show airs Monday, May 7, and co-stars Pinkett Smith’s mother Adrienne Banfield-Norris and her daughter Willow Smith. I suppose we’ll all just have to watch for more clues.

Update (Monday, May 7 at 10:50 a.m.): Union stopped by the Today show on Monday and told host Hoda Kotb that indeed the “feud” is over.

“Jada nor I ever used the word feud, so it just became more of a media creation,” she said. “Kind of like back in the day, neither one of us actually knows what originally took place back then. But the people we had around us were like ‘well you know how she feels about you’ and they were like, ‘well you know how she feels about you.’ And then it was like ‘girl bye’ for 17 years. Even though we’re both very outspoken women, both activists, our husbands are friends, I worked with her husband, we both had too much pride and too much insecurities to just say, ‘Hey, did that ever actually happen or was that just a creation of someone who didn’t want to see two women rise together?’”

