www.intouchweekly.com/posts/tom-cruise-mom-died-katie-holmes-125460

Amber Belus

Katie Holmes Helps Tom Cruise After His Mom Died

Tom Cruise received the devastating news last week that his mom, Mary Lee South, died at age 80 — and now a new report claims that his ex Katie Holmes decided to be there for the father of her child.

“Katie Holmes has reached out to her ex Tom Cruise to offer her condolences after the passing of his mother,” a source told [Hollywood Life](http://hollywoodlife.com/2017/02/13/katie-holmes-tom-cruise-mom-dies-condolences-loss-mary-lee-south/?utmsource=social&utmcampaign=partner-bauer&utmmedium=social)_. “Tom has been rocked by the loss of his mother. They were very close and he will miss her dearly. He is staying strong and leaning on close friends and other family during this challenging time.”

MORE: Suri Cruise Is All Grown Up — See the Pic

According to reports, Mary died peacefully in her sleep and was sent off with a Scientology ceremony. She was also the one who encouraged Tom to pursue an acting career.

Tom and Katie tied the knot in November 2006 and ended their marriage in August 2012. They are also parents to a 10-year-old daughter, Suri — though Tom hasn’t seen her in quite some time.

“They used to Skype and text, but that trailed off drastically. He uses his film commitments as an excuse, but the truth is that doesn’t hold much weight with Suri anymore,” a source previously told In Touch. “Tom eats, breathes and sleeps Scientology. He’s disconnected from Katie, and then de facto from Suri, because of her connection to Katie. He hasn’t seen her since she was seven.”

Katie moved on from the relationship with actor Jamie Foxx, and they were recently spotted spending New Year’s Eve together in Miami.

“They’re very serious,” said a source.

Meanwhile, Tom was recently rumored to be dating a British woman.

MORE: Enter Here for Your Chance to Win a Trip to Miami

We think it’s great that these two can still lean on each other in the most difficult times — and hope this could lead to him reconnecting with his daughter.

Our thoughts are with Mary’s loved ones in the wake of this tragedy.

