www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2017/kate-middleton-calls-off-third-pregnancy-plans-prince-william-an-absentee-father/

Joanna Mazewski

Kate Middleton Calls Off Third Pregnancy Plans: Prince William An Absentee Father?

Kate Middleton is calling off her third pregnancy plans, mostly because Prince William has apparently been an absentee father. The Duchess of Cambridge has made it no secret that she’s unhappy with her current situation at home.

In a new Heads Together clip with Prince William and Prince Harry, Kate Middleton hints that she’s done having children. She struggled so much after the birth of her first child, Prince George. Kate recalled how she wasn’t prepared for all the life changes that come after having your first child. During Kate’s heartfelt confession, William sat next to her in silence.

“Having a child, particularly your first child, is such a life-changing moment,” Kate said in the clip. “Nothing can really prepare you for that. Remember the first few days with little George, you have no idea what really you are doing, no matter how many books you read, nothing can prepare you for it.”

Kate Middleton has made it no secret that she often feels lonely and isolated at home. Clearly, she doesn’t have many close friends to turn to. And, it doesn’t look like Prince William is helping their situation, either. Kate’s supposedly been using a secret account on the popular mom forum Mumset for advice on how to parent her two children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, at home.

Often times she finds herself butting heads with her husband simply because of their different backgrounds and upbringings. Simply put, Kate Middleton doesn’t want her children to have the same, stiff royal upbringing that Prince William experienced. She wants to be more hands-on with her children.

But if Kate can’t handle raising two kids on her own, there’s simply no way that she’ll manage three small children under the age of 5. That might be the reason why she’s saying no to a third pregnancy. She doesn’t want to be left alone, angry and frustrated with the struggles of raising small children while her husband goes off on one of his ski trips with his pals.

Then again, the only two people who really know what’s going on behind closed doors are of course the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge themselves. So far Buckingham Palace has not made any comments about Kate Middleton’s future plans. Also, check back with CDL for all the latest news and updates on the royal family right here.

Image Credit: FameFlynet

Watch The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry in conversation on mental health for @heads_together #oktosay pic.twitter.com/417gqyqzk0 — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 21, 2017

