hollywoodlife.com/2016/02/04/david-victoria-beckham-split-divorce-rumors-truth/

Alyssa Norwin, Senior Editor

Victoria & David Beckham Heartbreaking $1 Billion Divorce? The Truth

These rumors that David and Victoria Beckham are splitting just can’t be true, right?! Don’t worry — HollywoodLife.com has you covered with the EXCLUSIVE scoop of what’s really going on with these two. Find out here!

Are David and Victoria Beckham really getting a divorce?! The soccer stud and gorgeous fashion designer have been married for nearly 17 years, but a recent report claims that they’re having major marital issues. HollywoodLife.com has EXCLUSIVE details and is breaking down the truth to these rumors, though — get the scoop here!

“David and Victoria are most certainly not getting divorced,” an insider tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY, totally refuting OK! magazine’s Feb. 3 report. “The fact is they have never been happier and more in love with each other as they continue to raise their four beautiful kids and divide their time between family and work. The only reason people jump to conclusions that they may be going through rough patches is because they do so much traveling alone because of their work commitments.”

It’s true, David and Victoria are both incredibly busy with their respective careers right now — the soccer player is launching a soccer franchise in Miami and doing charity work for UNICEF, while Victoria is constantly focused on her job as a fashion designer. “They always video chat with one another when they have a minute free,” our insider adds. “And are always texting and stay in contact throughout the day whenever they are busy. There are no problems, whatsoever.”

Indeed, David’s rep has also confirmed to HollywoodLife.com that the divorce reports are “100% fiction,” so it looks like things are totally a-ok between these gorgeous stars. Victoria may have disappointed us by not agreeing to the Spice Girls reunion, but keeping Posh and Becks alive is a definite plus.

Are you happy to learn that Posh and Becks are staying together, HollywoodLifers?

