www.etonline.com/gwen-stefani-still-smitten-blake-shelton-and-has-never-once-tried-change-him-exclusive-94631

Jackie Willis

Gwen Stefani Is Still Smitten With Blake Shelton and 'Has Never Once' Tried to Change Him (Exclusive)

It's been over two years since Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton first got together, and a source close to the 41-year-old country singer tells ET that they're happier than ever!

The two were recently spotted strolling down the beach in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, and even ran into Shelton's pal, Luke Bryan. Stefani wore a white bikini top that she paired with a black sarong and a tan sweater, while Shelton sported a blue trucker hat that matched his board shorts and button-down shirt.

While they may have been an unexpected pair when they first started dating, Shelton and Stefani have been going strong for some time now.

Backgrid

"Gwen really loves Blake for who he is and has never once tried to change him or anything about him. She even loves his style!" the source tells ET. "She thinks he's such a manly man and is incredibly attracted to that about him."

When they're not taking romantic walks along the beach, the couple often visit Shelton's house in Oklahoma along with Stefani's three sons with ex-husband Gavin Rossdale, 11-year-old Kingston, 9-year-old Zuma and 3-year-old Apollo. The source notes that the 48-year-old singer "loves the influence Blake has on her kids."

"Blake introduces them to these down-home country things and Gwen and the kids love it. They all love going to Oklahoma and seeing the animals and doing fun things on his giant piece of land," the source continues. "Blake is very much a father figure to her kids. The kids are very mature and Blake treats them as such. He loves them so much, he's always talking about them."

Backgrid

Shelton -- who divorced Miranda Lambert in 2015 -- is also pretty smitten with Stefani. "Blake is extremely devoted to Gwen and their life together. He feels like everything in life happens for a reason and although he was heartbroken after Miranda, this fantastic relationship and family came out of it," the source says, adding that "they would still love to start a family together, but they're also happy with the family they have now."

In an exclusive interview with ET in October, Shelton gushed over his girlfriend and her whole family.

"It's been a lot of fun for me to be the one to get to expose them to this -- out in the country," he said. "They love it so much, her entire family. And when I say her family, I mean all of them. I'm talking about the kids, the mom, the dad, the brother. There's times when we've had holiday gatherings, and I'm talking about 30-plus family members from her side, from my side."

"We have so much fun. I don't think you should be able to have that much fun," Shelton quipped. "It's probably not legal in California."

RELATED CONTENT:

Blake Shelton Celebrates 'Voice' Victory With Gwen Stefani and Her Kids in Adorable Videos!

Blake Shelton Attempts to Teach Gwen Stefani's Son Kingston How to Drive -- See the Epic Fail!

Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton Run Into Luke Bryan During Romantic Beach Stroll (EXCLUSIVE PICS)

Related Gallery

