www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5809707/Kendall-Jenner-making-Gigi-Bella-Hadids-brother-Anwar-CFDAs-NYC.html

Heidi Parker For Dailymail.Com

Kendall Jenner pictured kissing Gigi and Bella Hadid's brother Anwar

Kendall Jenner has been linked to NBA star Ben Simmons in recent weeks.

But on Monday night the 22-year-old supermodel seemed to have eyes for another fellow - Anwar Hadid, the 18-year-old younger brother of her best pals Gigi and Bella Hadid.

DailyMail.com has obtained an image of the two kissing at a CFDA after party held at Socialista in New York City.

New couple? Kendall Jenner and Anwar Hadid were seen kissing at a CFDA after party at Socialista in NYC on Monday evening

Same place, same day: Here Kendall is seen walking into the after party, left, and Anwar is pictured at the CFDAs

Siblings: Anwar is seen here at the CFDAs with his older sister Gigi, a Vogue model

In the image, Kendall could be seen straddling the young man as he sat on a sofa.

Though her face could not be seen, the hairstyle was the same; and the clothing - a white blouse with black bicycle shorts - was also a match.

Jenner also shared a photo of his hands that evening - he has several tattoos. One says 'I love you angel' and another states: 'ODXX 22.' He had chipped black nail polish on and several silver bracelets.

He was on her radar: Jenner also shared a photo of his hands that evening - he has several tattoos. One says 'I love you angel' and another states: 'ODXX 22.' He had chipped black nail polish on and several silver bracelets

Before the gala: Anwar was seen leaving his residence in NYC just before the CFDAs began

For the past year, Anwar has been dating actress Nicola Peltz, who was not the CFDAs.

The couple was last seen together in public in early May at a Prada event in NYC. According to TMZ, they split soon after that.

Kendall and Anwar have been friends for the past several years, often attending the same parties in New York and Los Angeles.

They go way back: Kendall and Anwar have been friends for the past several years, often attending the same parties in New York and Los Angeles; seen in 2016

Close as can be: Here the catwalk twosome are seated on a sofa in May 2017

There for his ladies: And Anwar was backstage at the Victoria's Secret show when both Kendall and Gigi walked in November 2015

Is he still in her life? Jenner has been linked to NBA star Ben Simmons

Earlier she was at a dinner party at Cipriana with Kaia Gerber, 16. They have become even better friends in the past year.

She also mingled with sister Kourtney Kardashian, Stephanie Shepherd and Simon Huck.

The dinner party looked to be private.

Kaia, who wore Alexander Wang, held up a glass filled with a pink drink as she smiled at Kendall. The ladies had a bread basket in front of them as well as several water glasses.

Inside the awards show, Kendall wore a lovely lavender dress that flashed her legs.

Sister Kim looked radiant in a crop top and thin skirt with large gold bracelets and heels.

A feast! The leggy daughter of Kris Jenner seemed to be enjoying a plate of salmon and vegetables at Cipriani earlier

Arm wrestle session: The Estee Lauder model also had some fun with a male fan

Sister act: Inside the awards show, Kim looked radiant in a crop top and thin skirt with large god bracelets and heels. She posed with Kendall and Kourtney as well as Raf Simons

She posed with Kourtney as well as Raf Simons.

And later the 37-year-old Mrs Kanye West took time out to say hello to former Vogue editor André Leon Talley.

The next day, Kendall looked fresh in a blue plaid shirt as she visited healthy restaurant Broken Coconut in NYC with her 39-year-old sister Kourtney.

Post makeout session: The next day, Kendall looked fresh in a blue plaid shirt as she visited healthy restaurant Broken Coconut in NYC with sister Kourtney

Solo outing: The top model was later spotted out and about solo in the Big Apple

Personal runway: Kendall turned the sidewalk into her personal runway

Kourtney wore a black jacket with red trim, black compression shorts and black open-toed heels.

Kendall was later strolling out and about solo in the Big Apple.

She turned the sidewalk into her personal runway as she strutted down the street wearing large hoop earrings and purple sunglasses.

Feeling blue: The brunette beauty wore a blue plaid shirt along with light blue trousers

Models attract: Anwar also is a model just like Kendall and his sister Gigi

