www.intouchweekly.com/posts/mariah-carey-skinny-mirrors-141210

In Touch Staff

Mariah Carey Has "Skinny" Mirrors All Over Her House, Is an Inspiration to All

She’s living a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby! Mariah Carey’s old mirrors have all been thrown in the trash and replaced with new “skinny” mirrors that make her look 20 pounds lighter, an insider exclusively tells In Touch.

“She loves them and spends hours looking at her reflection,” the source says of the 48-year-old pop star, who was recently attacked for her weight earlier this summer after flaunting a much filler figure at a concert in Las Vegas.

“[Mariah] has been in a much better mood” since the mirrors were installed, the insider continues, adding that the Grammy winner is “very much in denial about her weight right now.” But TBH, if skinny mirrors make Mimi feel better, then more power to her!

Mariah Carey in a photo from February 2017 (left) and at Caesars Palace on July 18. (Photo Credit: Getty Images/Splash)

As previously reported, concertgoers at Mariah’s final show of her Sin City residency at Caesars Palace on July 18 were more focused on her weight rather than her performance. “Some audience members immediately started whispering about her appearance — her costumes were incredibly revealing and tight,” a witness exclusively told In Touch at the time. “She looked bigger all over, but Mariah was flaunting every curve.”

The body shamers were ruthless, too. “One audience member said she looked like a sausage encased in glitter,” said the witness, “and others were saying she needs to change her clothes.” Social media haters were even more cutthroat. “She’s a big fat lump,” one commenter wrote, while another compared the Glitter actress to a sumo wrestler. “I feel sorry for those dancers who have to pick her up.”

Mariah’s weight is obviously a touchy subject these days — and her entourage knows to never bring it up around her. “No one on her team would dare tell her that an outfit is too snug or that she should lay off the late-night cocktails, sweets and refrigerator raids,” an insider previously told In Touch. “If they did, they’d be looking for a new job.”

For more on this story, pick up the latest issue of In Touch, on newsstands now!

