www.express.co.uk/news/royal/970109/Meghan-Markle-shock-Duchess-of-Sussex-could-be-liked-more-than-Kate-Middleton-by-the-Queen

Joseph Carey

Is Meghan Markle liked by the Queen MORE than Kate? Newlywed set to ride Queen's train

The Queen, Prince Philip, Prince Charles and Camilla are all entitled to ride the Royal rail, but not even the Duchess of Sussex’s husband or the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have ever used it on an official basis. Engagements attended by the Duchess of Sussex and the Queen will mark the newlywed’s first solo event with her husband’s grandmother. Such an occasion comes incredibly quickly following her marriage into the Royal Family and marks a stark contrast to the Duchess of Cambridge. The Duchess of Cambridge did not partake in an engagement with the Queen alone until almost a year into her marriage with Prince William.

The Queen, Prince Philip, Prince Charles and Camilla are all entitled to ride the Royal rail

Such a move could suggest the Duchess of Sussex has formed a close bond to the head of the monarchy. In March 2012 the Duchess of Cambridge attended Fortnum and Mason with Her Majesty in London’s Piccadilly area to mark the store’s renovated restaurant area. However, Camilla also attended, meaning the event was not technically a solo outing for the Duchess of Cambridge with the Queen. Th Royal Train has been used since 1842 when Queen Victoria became the first British monarch to move around using the rail.

Meghan Markle v Kate Middleton's wedding in pictures Sat, May 19, 2018 Meghan Markle v Kate Middleton: Their wedding details in pictures. Play slideshow Getty 1 of 15 Kate Middleton v Meghan Markle weddings in pictures

In addition to featuring carriages with dining and lounging facilities, there are also areas for sleeping. The train also features a bath that the Queen has used many times. It is understood last year members of the Royal Family travelled on the train 14 times. The trips cost taxpayers a total of £900,000.

Buckingham Palace has admitted using the locomotive is costly, but it argues the Queen finds using it more comfortable on journeys overnight and of a long-distance. At Christmas the Duchess of Sussex spent Christmas with the Royal Family at Sandringham House - this marked a break of tradition for someone that had not yet become a Royal. The Duchess of Cambridge did not receive the same treatment before her marriage to Prince William in 2011.

The Duchess of Sussex may have formed a close bond with the head of the monarchy

The Duchess of Cambridge attended Fortnum and Mason with the Queen in 2012

