www.intouchweekly.com/posts/jennifer-aniston-angelina-jolie-dinner-156945

Alex Riccardi

Jennifer Aniston's Dinner Invite Rejected by Angelina Jolie

More than a decade after Angelina Jolie stole Brad Pitt from Jennifer Aniston, the Friends alum was finally ready to hash things out. A source exclusively told In Touch that Jen invited Angie over for dinner but was quickly rejected. “Jen thought the time was right to sit down with Angelina. She was wrong,” the insider shared.

It appeared that Angelina had a change of heart as she previously told Vogue in 2006 that she would be willing to sit down with Jen and clear the air. “We’ve, like, passed each other and said, ‘Hi’ briefly, shook hands. But not a real sit-down-and-talk kind of meeting. That would be her decision, and I would welcome it.”

Now that Jen and Justin Theroux confirmed their split and Angie and Brad’s marriage fell through as well, “Jen thought it was finally time to resolve the past.” But when Angelina dismissed the idea of dinner, things went sour. The source explained, “Angelina said she didn’t owe her an apology.”

However, if they did end up having a meeting, it would have been even worse having to rehash how Angelina broke up Brad and Jennifer’s relationship. The source explained, “It would be so awkward. I imagine Angelina wouldn’t be able to look her straight in the eye after what she did, even though so much time has passed. There’d be a lot of small talk.”

And although the source said Jen’s friends knew she might regret reaching out to Angelina, she doesn’t want to hold a grudge about it. Why? Because things are going so well between her and Brad at the moment! The source revealed, “If she holds on to her anger toward Angelina, Brad may see her as petty.”

A source previously told In Touch, “[Brad] wants and needs Jen in his life.” And while the pair has kept quiet about the contact they’ve had over the years and in recent months, the insider claimed, “There would have been fireworks, that’s for sure.”

For more on this story, pick up the latest issue of In Touch Weekly, on newsstands now!

