www.essentialkids.com.au/news/celebrities/chris-hemsworth-proves-even-he-can-be-an-embarrassing-dad-20180306-h0x44s

Ariane Beeston, Mar At Am

Chris Hemsworth proves even he can be an embarrassing dad

Chris Hemsworth might be Thor but he's also a dorky dad Photo: Instagram

Chris Hemsworth might be Thor, but a video of him skipping with his daughter during a family camping trip, proves he's also the ultimate dorky dad.

The clip, which has already been viewed a whopping 3.6 million times on Instagram, shows the Aussie actor and his wife, 41-year-old actress Elsa Pataky, manning a jump rope for five-year-old India Rose. As mum encourage her to "jump! jump!", Hemsworth ups the ante, wiggling his hips in what could only be described as a "dad dance". (Minus the dadbod, of course.)

Meanwhile, Pataky skilfully manages to keep up the pace, holding a glass of wine - and not spilling a drop.

As if that wasn't cute enough, the trio then collapses into peals of - oh-so-contagious - laughter.

"It's a true art and an original style I've developed, years of dedication," Hemsworth wrote, along with the hashtag, "skippingworldchamps."

A post shared by Chris Hemsworth (@chrishemsworth) on Mar 6, 2018 at 3:43am PST

While Hemsworth and Pataky have shared a number of other glimpses of their Aussie camping adventure over the past few days, including snaps of their brood toasting marshmallows and telling stories by the campfire, none have been quite as impressive as this clip of Hemsworth's superhero surfing prowess.

With little "coach Indi" on his back, her arms around his neck, Hemsworth catches a wave like it's no big deal.

"Day two with my surf coach, she's like a little angel on my shoulder constantly feeding me knowledge and inspiration and occasionally heavy handed criticism that borders on abuse but I know it's for my own good (joke)," Hemsworth writes.

Advertisement

But India's not the only one taking after her superhero dad in the surf. Hemsworth also posted this proud dad moment of one of his little grommets, surfing like a pro:

While he might simply be "dad" to his children India Rose and three-year-old sons Tristan and Sasha, Hemsworth also recently confessed that he has begun "brainwashing" his crew with his latest film - making him "Father of the Year".

"Just downloaded Thor Ragnarok and the brainwashing has begun," he wrote, alongside a clip of his little ones huddled around an Ipad. "Soak it up kids."

Could this family get any cuter?

