www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/9785767/Kate-Winslets-husband-seeks-to-ban-publication-of-partly-naked-photos.html



Kate Winslet's husband seeks to ban publication of 'partly naked' photos

Ned RocknRoll said there was no public interest in The Sun printing pictures taken of him at the party, which had an "outrageous" theme, more than two years ago.

His lawyers, argued that publication of the pictures would be a breach of privacy and could lead to Winslet's children being bullied.

RocknRoll argued that he was not a role model and had been a "relative nobody" prior to his marriage to Winslet, the Oscar-winning actress, late last year.

The Sun said RocknRoll - a marketing consultant who is a nephew of the Virgin tycoon Sir Richard Branson - obtained a temporary injunction last week.

At a hearing in London, judge Mr Justice Briggs was today asked to ban publication pending any trial of RocknRoll's complaints about privacy invasion.

But lawyers for The Sun argued that RocknRoll, 34, was a public figure and there was a public interest in publishing the photographs.

The tabloid said he had "propelled" himself into the position of "public figure".

Bosses say his conduct at the party in July 2010 might be regarded as "unacceptable", and the newspaper's lawyers told the judge that a "public interest" argument had arisen.

The court heard that the photographs had been posted on a Facebook page belonging to RocknRoll's friend, James Pope.

Desmond Browne QC, for News Group Newspapers, which publishes The Sun, said the photographs showed Mr RocknRoll "partly naked".

"What really is a matter of concern ... for Mr RocknRoll is people seeing the photographs," Mr Browne told the judge.

"We say he is a public figure. Mr RocknRoll has propelled himself into the position of public figure."

Mr Browne added: "He tries to pretend his lifestyle is not rock and roll at all. That does not hold water."

He said Mr RocknRoll took the job at Virgin Galactic and "apparently made up for himself" the job title of "Head of Astronaut Relations and Marketing".

Mr Browne said Mr RocknRoll was not embarrassed at the party and photographs were posted on Facebook for "all to see".

"It seems to have been regarded as an innocent joke," he added. "If it was so innocent what is the problem? Why not let the public judge what is acceptable behaviour?"

Mr Browne added: "The conduct here was such that some people might legitimately regard it as being unacceptable behaviour - therefore something where public interest for justification for publication arises."

David Sherborne, for RocknRoll, told Mr Justice Briggs that the photographs had been taken at a private fancy dress party which was "innocent and well-intentioned".

He said the party's theme was "outrageous" and RocknRoll had been wearing a costume.

"The photographs were taken by a private individual," he said. "They were not intended to be seen by the world at large.

"They are plainly private. There is plainly a reasonable expectation."

He said anyone trying to find the photographs on Facebook would need "some pretty specialist knowledge".

Mr Sherborne added: "This cannot possibly be described as 'in the public domain'."

He said Mr RocknRoll was not a public figure and did not court publicity.

"It is simply because he is married to Miss Winslet," added Mr Sherborne. "I am sure he would not mind if I described him as a relative nobody up until the point he married Miss Winslet."

He argued that the intention was "to say something embarrassing about Miss Winslet's future husband."

Winslet married RocknRoll, her third husband, in an intimate ceremony in New York after getting engaged to him in the summer.

They kept their nuptials a secret from almost everybody, with even their parents left in the dark, it was reported.

Winslet, 37, was said to have been given away by her Titanic and Revolutionary Road co-star Leonardo DiCaprio, with whom she enjoys a close friendship.

RocknRoll who changed his name from Abel Smith, works for his uncle’s space venture Virgin Galactic and has previously been married to Eliza Pearson, the eldest daughter of Viscount Cowdray.

The hearing, part of which was heard in private, continues tomorrow.

