www.usatoday.com/story/life/people/2017/12/15/kevin-hart-confesses-cheating-his-pregnant-wife/956472001/



Kevin Hart confesses to cheating on his pregnant wife

Andrea Mandell

USA TODAY

Kevin Hart is finally coming clean about cheating on his pregnant wife, Eniko Parrish, earlier this year.

In August, the comedian laughed off reports he had strayed and later said he was being extorted over images taken without his knowledge in Las Vegas hotel room with another woman.

The following month, Hart simply copped to having made "a bad error in judgment," and apologized to his wife and kids in an emotional video on Instagram.

Now, the Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle star is admitting to cheating.

In an appearance on New York's Power 105.1 radio show, The Breakfast Club, Hart called himself "beyond" irresponsible. He said, "That's Kevin Hart in his dumbest moment. That's not the finest hour of my life. With that being said, you make your bed, you lay in it."

Hart, 38, said he wasn't thinking and had gone to Vegas on a whim while his family was out of town.

"I'm guilty, regardless of how it happened and what was involved and (expletive) I can't talk about," he told The Breakfast Club.

The woman involved, Montia Sabbag, said publicly she was not suing or extorting the actor after their "intimate relationship."

Hart said afterwards that he decided to face the music. He shut down the production of his film and made his then-pregnant wife aware of the situation, "hoping that she has the heart to where she can forgive me and understand that this is not going to be a recurring thing."

"We talked," he said. "That's when the bond of your union will be questioned. No one is perfect."

More:Kevin Hart shares first photos of 'my little man,' newborn son Kenzo

Hart and Parrish married last year and welcomed their first child, a son named Kenzo, on Nov. 21.

He also has two other children from his previous marriage to actress Torrei Hart: Son Hendrix, 10, and daughter Heaven, 12.

Hart called the infidelity "a reality check and a gut-punch from God."

