people.com/movies/margot-robbie-maries-tom-ackerley-reports/

Stephanie Petit

Margot Robbie Marries Tom Ackerley in Secret Wedding Ceremony

Image zoom James Devaney/GC Images

Margot Robbie and longtime boyfriend Tom Ackerley have tied the knot in Australia, according to local reports.

Australia’s The Daily Telegraph claims the couple wed in Byron Bay over the weekend, although they never announced an engagement. The actress was given away by her mother and her three siblings were in attendance, according to U.K.’s The Telegraph.

A rep for the actress has not responded to PEOPLE’s request for comment.

Suspicions of the 26-year-old Suicide Squad star’s secret wedding arose when Robbie arrived at an airport in her home country last week wearing a T-shirt that read “Say ‘I Do’ Down Under.”

Although no photos of the supposed ceremony have surfaced online, a couple of posts hint at a special occasion involving several of the couple’s family members. Robbie’s brother Cameron teased that he was “on holiday,” and another photo surfaced of him with four women believed to be friends of his sister.

The picture was captioned, “The calm before the Summer storm.”

In addition, Ackerley’s brother James posted an image on Instagram with the location tagged as Harvest Newrybar, a popular wedding venue in Byron Bay, on Sunday.

Robbie herself shared a romantic black-and-white photo kissing her beau two weeks ago.

“This guy,” she captioned the pic.

The Australian actress and the British assistant director first met in 2013 on the set of the World War II drama Suite Francaise. The pair were spotted on several PDA-packed dates later in June 2014.

In the May issue of Vogue, Robbie described Ackerley as “the best-looking guy in London,” and gushed about how she fell for her beau.

“I was the ultimate single gal. The idea of relationships made me want to vomit. And then this crept up on me,” she told the publication.

“We were friends for so long. I was always in love with him, but I thought, ‘Oh, he would never love me back. Don’t make it weird, Margot. Don’t be stupid and tell him that you like him,’” she continued, adding, “And then it happened, and I was like, ‘Of course we’re together. This makes so much sense, the way nothing has ever made sense before.’ “

