www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5778163/Caitlyn-Jenner-escorts-constant-companion-Sophia-Hutchins-Nobu-Malibu-200K-purple-Porsche.html

Cassie Carpenter For Dailymail.Com

Caitlyn Jenner, 68, escorts gal pal Sophia Hutchins, 21, to Nobu Malibu in her $200K purple Porsche

Transgender activist Caitlyn Jenner escorted her constant companion Sophia Hutchins to a sushi meal at Nobu Malibu on Sunday in her $200K purple Porsche.

At 68, the thrice-divorced father-of-six is 46 years older than the Pepperdine University senior, but the pair have been nearly inseparable as far back as June 2017.

The two-time Olympic gold medalist dressed her 6ft2in figure in a white floral bomber with matching skinny jeans and brown-suede booties.

Scroll down for video

Inseparable: Transgender activist Caitlyn Jenner (2-R) escorted her constant companion Sophia Hutchins (L) to a sushi meal at Nobu Malibu on Sunday in her $200K purple Porsche

The Elsa & Rose Swimwear model sported a blue blazer with an LBD and nude ankle-strap stilettos.

Despite rumors involving marriage and love coaches, sources told TMZ last week that Caitlyn (born William) and Sophia (born Scott) were still 'just close friends.'

Aside from being transgender, Jenner and Hutchins are both registered Republicans and share a passion for golfing at the Sherwood Country Club as well as vacationing together.

And the blonde bombshell has certainly made herself at home residing in the retired decathlete's $3.5M, four-bedroom Malibu hilltop home.

Close: At 68, the thrice-divorced father-of-six is 46 years older than the Pepperdine University senior, but the pair have been nearly inseparable as far back as June 2017

Starbucks to-go: The two-time Olympic gold medalist dressed her 6ft2in figure in a white floral bomber with matching skinny jeans and brown-suede booties

CVS drug store stop: The Elsa & Rose Swimwear model sported a blue blazer with an LBD and nude ankle-strap stilettos

Not a couple: Despite rumors involving marriage and love coaches, sources told TMZ last week that Caitlyn (born William) and Sophia (born Scott) were still 'just close friends'

In her tell-all tome, the Secrets of My Life author - who was previously linked to Candis Cayne - confessed she no longer had 'the appetite for [sex].'

'It hearkens back to this misperception that people transition because of their sexual desires,' Caitlyn wrote.

'A future female companion? I think about that. A future female sexual companion? Not happening, at least for now, and perhaps not ever. A future male sexual companion? I have never had the inclination.'

And Sophia told the Pepperdine Graphic in 2016: '[Jenner's 2015 gender affirmation] made it so much more real for [me], like normal and successful people do this and people are okay when they do it.'

Intimate: Aside from being transgender, Jenner and Hutchins are both registered Republicans and share a passion for golfing at the Sherwood Country Club as well as vacationing together

'Not happening, at least for now': In her tell-all tome, the Secrets of My Life author - who was previously linked to Candis Cayne - confessed she no longer had 'the appetite for [sex]'

'Friday afternoon Rosè': And the blonde bombshell has certainly made herself at home residing in the retired decathlete's $3.5M, four-bedroom Malibu hilltop home (pictured May 18)

Sophia told the Pepperdine Graphic in 2016: '[Jenner's 2015 gender affirmation] made it so much more real for [me], like normal and successful people do this and people are okay when they do it' (pictured April 28)

Career-wise, the former KUWTK patriarch auctioned off a four-hour meet-and-greet (including a round of golf in Los Angeles) on Thursday to two fans, which benefits the Caitlyn Jenner Foundation.

Despite her closeness with Hutchins, the I Am Cait star told Broadly on Monday that she 'spend a lot of time by myself here in the house.'

'I have a lot of children, but sometimes just because of circumstances, maintaining a close relationship with your kids is very tough. They all have lives. They've all moved on,' Caitlyn lamented to the mag.

'I got the trans community out there bashing on me, I got the Kardashians out there bashing on me. All I do is sit here in the house and try to stay out of trouble.'

Who won? Career-wise, the former KUWTK patriarch auctioned off a four-hour meet-and-greet (including a round of golf in Los Angeles) on Thursday to two fans, which benefits the Caitlyn Jenner Foundation

