radaronline.com/videos/the-voice-jennifer-hudson-diva-feud-fired-blake-shelton/

James Vituscka, November

Jennifer Hudson Defying ‘The Voice’ Execs After Months Of Diva Behavior

Jennifer At WAR With 'The Voice' Execs For Using Show To Promote Her Own Company!

Jennifer At WAR With 'The Voice' Execs For Using Show To Promote Her Own Company!

Jennifer At WAR With 'The Voice' Execs For Using Show To Promote Her Own Company! Hudson 'knows she’s not coming back & doesn’t give a f**k,’ says a source.

Former ‘Dream Girl’ Jennifer Hudson has become an absolute nightmare for executives at NBC’s The Voice!

And now, as Hudson, 36, prepares to battle it out with coaches Miley Cyrus, 24, Adam Levine, 38, and Blake Shelton, 41, in hopes of winning season 13, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that she is ALSO at war with her bosses after being told that she is not welcomed back!

“The higher-ups at NBC told Jennifer that she needs to stop using The Voice platform to promote and plug JHud Productions,” a source close to production revealed.

But instead of following her bosses orders, Hudson fired back with a shocking Instagram post – plugging her production company while clearly seated in her judges chair on The Voice!

“Here at #Jhudproductions we take care of our own,” Hudson captioned the sassy photo.

“It is no longer a secret that there is mad drama behind the scenes. Jennifer is just a horrific person and the other coaches learned that best way to deal with her is just to avoid her,” the source told Radar.

“Jennifer knows that Miley doesn’t like her and that Miley and Blake are constantly talking s**t about her behind her back. She also knows that there is no way in hell that she is ever being asked to come back,” the insider said, adding, “Luckily she just keeps to herself when the camera isn’t on her.”

Do you think that Jennifer Hudson is a diva? Sound off in the comments below.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

