www.thehollywoodgossip.com/2018/07/kylie-jenner-and-travis-scott-try-to-bury-breakup-rumors-with-pd/

Simon Delott

Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott Try to Bury Breakup Rumors with PDA Pic

In a little over a week, sweet baby Stormi Webster will turn 6 months old. Yes, really.

In the mean time, Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott just had their GQ cover, but they're not limiting their PDA to magazines. They're also cozying up on social media.

After rumors of the two breaking up after a massive fight, this may be an effort to silence those stories.

Kylie Jenner used her social media savvy to build her brand -- and an (almost) billion-dollar makeup empire.

But Travis Scott is no stranger to social media. He even still uses Snapchat!

And it was on Snapchat that the rapper shared a cuddly PDA photo of him with Kylie.

The black-and-white photo is simply captioned "first ferdi."

While Ferdi can be short for Ferdinand, in this context, it is simply slang for "a very cute-ass boy." We're not joking.

Recently, Kylie and Travis were reportedly in a heated argument.

It was said to have started while the two were having dinner, with the young couple leaving dinner in a huff after only 45 minutes.

According to eyewitnesses, the situation seemed to have deteriorated further once they returned to the hotel room, because Travis apparently left the hotel room in a hurry.

In fact, it was even speculated that Kylie had kicked Travis out for the night, but that was purely speculation.

A lot of people have felt that the couple who conceived just weeks after they began dating and whom many believe are only together because of Stormi are just not a great match.

So, are they trying (and failing) to make it work just to remain together for Stormi's sake?

As part of her interview for their recent GQ cover, Kylie wrote that it is "normal" for them to get "in a little fight" from time to time

"When we fight, it’s usually just because we’ve been away from each other for too long and we didn’t see each other for, like, two weeks," Kylie explains.

That sounds pretty toxic. Isn't absence supposed to make the heart grow fonder?

“And we have Stormi now," Kylie says. "And I can’t travel with her. She’s too young. So it’s harder to see each other."

So, usually, Kylie stays at home with Stormi while Travis goes on tour to rap, and apparently to do his best DoodleBob impression.

If this very normal dynamic between the two of them is really causing them to fight, then it probably speaks to deeper, underlying issues, right?

We don't know what these arguments are about on the surface.

But couples who argue a lot -- and we cannot stress enough that, no matter what you saw or heard on teen dramas, that is not healthy -- tend to have unspoken reasons for disagreements.

Maybe it's just Kylie missing Travis or vice-versa.

Or maybe it's Kylie resenting that her life has been totally transformed while Travis goes on tour whenever he wants to.

Kylie continues to avoid showing her baby's face in order to punish fans who made up rumors about her having a different baby daddy.

Being a celebrity and a parent can lead to a lot of difficult choices, including how much exposure -- if any -- a baby should receive.

But Kylie and Travis may feel, as many fans believe, that they are obligated to stay together for Stormi's sake.

Being a parent comes with a host of obligations, but staying in a toxic relationship is not one of them.

Sure, this sweet, cuddly photo that they shared might mean that they've made nice ... but, realistically, how long is that going to last?

