radaronline.com/videos/blake-shelton-gwen-stefani-miscarriage-stopped-trying-pregnant/

Radar Staff, February

Gwen Stefani & Blake Shelton Miscarriage Tragedy Shatters Baby & Wedding Dreams

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Miscarriage Tragedy Shatters Gwen's Baby Dreams & Puts Wedding To Blake In Jeopardy Couple give up immediate plans to have children because of the ‘toll it was taking.'

Gwen Stefani has suffered a devastating miscarriage, shattering her immediate plans to have children with country star Blake Shelton — and leaving pals concerned the tragedy has damaged her emotionally!

“It was very hard for her,” a source close to the singer told RadarOnline.com exclusively. “Especially since she and Blake tried to have a baby for at least a year-and-a-half!”

The singer learned about the tragedy during a recent visit with her obstetrician, the insider claimed — though she’s remained silent about their loss.

“She was crushed when the ultrasound technician was unable to detect a heartbeat!” said the source.

Doctors immediately did an array of tests to determine if the child was still alive, but the truth was sadly confirmed, according to the informant: “Gwen had miscarried.”

A battery of fertility drugs was taken during the in vitro fertilization process, and they took a physical and emotional toll on the No Doubt singer.

“Gwen is 48 and was VERY insecure about not being able to give Blake a baby,” the pal claimed.

“She knows that would never be a problem for his ex Miranda Lambert because she’s only 34! Now she feels like she can’t compete at all.”

Despite her disappointment, Gwen has given up on future fertility treatments. While Blake, 41, is fine with not having any kids of his own, the friend claimed Gwen was gutted.

“They’re not even discussing surrogates anymore,” according to the source. “They’ve even put all their marriage plans on hold.”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

