www.latimes.com/entertainment/gossip/la-et-mg-gigi-hadid-instagram-body-shaming-20150928-htmlstory.html

Staff Writer, Christie D Zurilla Covers Breaking Entertainment News. A Usc Graduate, She Joined The Los Angeles Times In, Has Years Of Journalism Experience In Southern California.

Gigi Hadid ‘not asking for special treatment’ despite burden of awesomely sexy body

Gigi Hadid hit social media on Monday to defend her arguably perfect body against some online haters, putting her life in stark relief against the lives of others whose problems include actual problems. Wait — strike that:

Gigi Hadid hit social media Monday to teach body-shamers a lesson they obviously deserve because the world should always be kind, gentle and supportive. And criticism-free.

Whew, that feels so much better.

The 20-year-old fashion model, who clocks in at 5-foot-10 and has already taken a daring stand about wanting to weigh more than "2 pounds soaking wet," explained that despite being essentially superhuman, she's also just human.

"Yes, judgment on social media comes from people who, 99% of the time, have no idea what they're talking about, but I'm human, and I'm not going to lie, I did let the negativity get to me a little," she wrote. "I came to a realization that when one gets to this point, it's important to rethink why you're doing what you do. What your message is. What you have to say."

See the most-read Entertainment stories this hour >>

And what does the daughter of a "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star have to say in the context of an industry that depends on hanger-like models fitting into size 0 clothes on the catwalk?

"Yes, I have boobs, I have abs, I have a butt, I have thighs, but I'm not asking for special treatment. I'm fitting into the sample sizes."

Also, she doesn't think she's the best model in every show but does think she needs to improve her runway walk.

A photo posted by Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Sep 28, 2015 at 4:25am PDT

That said, any and all critics should get over themselves. "If you don't like it, don't follow me, don't watch me, cause I'm not going anywhere," she said. "If I didn't have the body I do, I wouldn't have the career I do. I love that I can be sexy. I'm proud of it."

Hadid, who's BFFs with people like Taylor Swift, dates people like Joe Jonas and along with Kendall Jenner is kind of the model of the moment, has previously defended her looks.

"I just want to be a healthy role model and I haven't swayed from that at all," she told the Daily Mail Australia in an August interview that also saw her describing the "huge thighs" she had as a Junior Olympian and explaining that she eats burgers regularly but then uses the Master Cleanse lemon-cayenne-and-maple-syrup liquid diet to snap back into shape for runway shows.

Tyra Banks, modeling's house mother, was supportive of Hadid's message on Monday.

"I haven't met you yet @gighadid but I FEEL you so much," the "America's Next Top Model" star wrote when she regrammed the post. "Your words are powerful. Your words are necessary. Your words are vulnerable. Your words are real. Sending you love and hugs. From one model that had curves and a unique walk to another, Tyra."

Kris Jenner also had Gigi's back on Instagram, reposting the missive and adding, "This is from one of the sweetest, smartest, and most beautiful girl inside and out, in the world. Why do people with no life, no purpose, who are angry and bitter and ignorant, or just plain nasty and mean, choose to bring everyone else down instead of finding the best in others? I will never understand the BULLYS that lurk on Instagram just to try and ruin someone else's spirit. If all of their horrible negative energy was focused on being positive and seeing good, imagine what a better more peaceful place this world would be."

"Spread love and joy everyone, not hate," Jenner continued, shaming snarky people everywhere. "It only reflects what kind of person you are."

Follow Christie D'Zurilla on Twitter @theCDZ and Google+. Follow the Ministry of Gossip on Twitter @LATcelebs.

ALSO:

Eddie Montgomery's 19-year-old son dies: 'Hunter went to heaven today'

Zoe Saldana on post-baby bodies: Don't hide out until you're a size 0

Kaley Cuoco focuses on friends, family and horses after split from Ryan Sweeting

