www.harpersbazaar.com/celebrity/latest/a19436655/justin-theroux-petra-collins-dating-rumor/

Harper'S Bazaar Staff

Justin Theroux and Petra Collins Are Rumored To Be Dating

It's only been about a month since Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston announced their separation, but The Leftovers star is already getting caught up in romance rumors—and they involve Selena Gomez's director BFF, Petra Collins. Daily Mail reports that the two have met up for dinner dates after meeting in the New York art scene, but Theroux insists they're just friends.

Neither have confirmed, let alone responded to, the dating gossip yet. But Theroux, 46, did previously share a photo with Collins, 25, last month on Instagram. (They also follow each other on the app.) Both wear Adam Selman graphic tees in the faceless post, and Collins is tagged.

Despite the suspicions, details on the two's relationship—platonic or not—remain clouded. However, fans are curious whether the rumored fling has any connection to the fact that Selena Gomez recently unfollowed Collins on Instagram, despite their close friendship. (Collins still follows Gomez, though.)

The pair first met in 2015, when Petra photographed Selena for Wonderland Magazine, and went on to become friends and creative collaborators. Collins directed Gomez's raunchy "Fetish" music video, which released last summer, and shot some of her promo photos. Last fall, they even talked about the possibility of writing a movie together. They were last seen in public together during New York Fashion Week last month, according to Elle.

Strangely enough, Theroux also gave a shoutout to Gomez on Instagram. In his first post after announcing his split from Aniston, the actor mentioned the singer in the hashtags: "#selenagomez #Yeahthatsrightselenaididittoyouagainbutifyousawtheseguysyouddowhateveryoucouldtooalsoiknowyourechilllikethat."

Theroux and Aniston announced their split on February 15, after getting married in August 2015. In a joint statement, the couple told the Associated Press that their separation was "mutual and lovingly made at the end of last year."

