www.ok.co.uk/celebrity-news/1201619/kate-middleton-pregnant-royal-baby-upset-prince-harry-meghan-markle-stealing-limelight-engagement

Catriona Rigney, Image, Getty

Kate Middleton 'upset over Prince Harry and girlfriend Meghan Markle stealing her limelight' – amid pregnancy with third royal baby

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: Getty)

Since the exciting news of the new royal baby, the Duchess has had all eyes on her, particularly as she is suffering from extreme morning sickness again.

However, it's been reported that Kate Middleton is frustrated that Prince Harry and his American actress girlfriend are "stealing her limelight".

The mother of two is allegedly worried that the possibility of an engagement between Harry and Suits star Meghan Markle will overshadow her.

(Image: Getty)

According to The Daily Star: "The Duchess knows that because of her years of experience in Hollywood, Meghan is more media savvy than Kate will ever be.

"She knows how to work a red carpet and she definitely knows how to pose for a camera in ways that Kate Middleton can only dream of doing herself.

"Forget Queen Elizabeth and Camilla Parker-Bowles. Kate Middleton knows that Meghan Markle will be a real royal threat the moment she officially becomes a member of the British royal family."

(Image: Getty)

The source continued: "Kate Middleton can get pregnant with ten royal babies, yet the press will still focus on Harry and Meghan and how perfect they are for each other.

"They are young, their romance is fresh and most importantly, they’ve got a bright future ahead of them. In other words, they are the royal family’s new A-list stars.

"And for Kate, that’s what is troubling her right now. She’s no longer the star of the show."

(Image: Getty)

Kate recently made her first public appearance since announcing her pregnancy, at a reception at Buckingham Palace.

Stepping out in a gorgeous blue dress, fans went wild that Kate could be dropping a hint that she is expecting another baby boy.

