www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4780258/Chris-Pratt-Anna-Faris-living-together.html

Kelvera At Dailymail.Com

Chris Pratt and Anna Faris are 'still living together'

They announced their split on Sunday.

But according to one friend of the couple Anna Faris and Chris Pratt are 'still living' together.

Millionaire Matchmaker Patti Stanger, 56, dished to Entertainment Tonight Thursday, revealing she thinks there is 'still hope' for the pair because the parents-of-one are 'still living in the [same] house.'

Still sharing something! Though Anna Faris and Chris Pratt announced their split on Sunday, friend Patti Stanger told ET that the duo are 'still living' together

The WeTV starlet had tons of feelings about the eight-years-married couple, telling ET 'this is really hard because I'm close to them,' adding that, 'The day it happened I actually texted them.'

The dating professional wasn't hiding her opinion, explaining 'I want them to get back together' and that she'd be more than willing to counsel the pair.

'Let's pray it turns around,' she said. 'I want them to get back together. So, I'm not fixin' them up.

Professional advice? The dating professional (above at the premiere of Million Dollar Matchmaker Season two August 2) said 'I want them to get back together' and that she'd be more than willing to counsel the pair

Some hope: Patti's cited the fact the duo are still living together means there are still feelings there, explaining 'She's living in the house... If [Pratt]'s still in the house, there's hope.' Above Chris and Anna are seen at the actor's Hollywood Walk Of Fame ceremony in April

'I would just be the counselor between them and go, "What really is the issue here?"'

Patti, who appeared on Anna's podcast Unqualified in 2016, cited the fact the duo are still living together as strong evidence there are still feelings there.

'She's living in the house ... you just don't really say something when they're [still] living in the house [together]... 'If [Pratt]'s still in the house, there's hope.'

Friends forever? Patti (above with Faris in 2016) said the pair's relationship has 'a lot of best friend factor,' which is also an indication of a lasting bond

'If the person doesn't leave the house, there's a lot of hope there. That means they still love each other. ... It's just that they don't want to leave each other. There's a lot of best friend factor there. They're very close as BFFs.'

Despite being friends with the couple, Patti found out the news through the Scream star’s Instagram post in which she confirmed the split, and said she was hesitant to reach out for fear of 'bombarding' the stars.

She told ET: 'I was actually on my Instagram reading, I was watching someone, and [Anna's post] just popped up...

Giving them space: Though Patti's friends with the couple, she found out the news through the Scream star’s Instagram post and said she hadn't reached out directly for fear of 'bombarding' the stars

'I don't wanna bombard [Anna], but I do want them to know … anything they need from me, I'm there for them. I just love [them] both and I just pray that it's going to work out.'

Chris and Anna met on the set of their film Take Me Home Tonight in 2007 and we married by summer 2009.

They have one child together, a four-year-old son named Jack.

