www.aceshowbiz.com/news/view/00104495.html



Report: Bradley Cooper Split From Pregnant Girlfriend Irina Shayk

Celebrity

The 'Limitless' actor and his 31-year-old girlfriend 'would never see each other again' if it weren't for their child, an insider claims.

Jan 7, 2017

AceShowbiz - %cBradley Cooper% and her pregnant girlfriend %cIrina Shayk% reportedly have split after dating for nearly two years. Naughty Gossip claims it's over between the 42-year-old actor and the Russian model, pointing out that "Bradley is in Santa Monica. Irina spent New Year's Day in Russia with her family."

"She went home to her native Russia and might stay until after she has the baby. Her and Brady are done," an alleged insider tells the news outlet. "If it wasn't for the kid, they would never see each other again," the insider claims, adding that Cooper "just wasn't that into her. He would rather hang out with the boys."

However, Gossip Cop assures fans that the story is made up. "Cooper and Shayk have not split," the site confirms. All claims that the couple "would never see each other again" if it weren't for their child are completely false.

In fact, Cooper and his pregnant girlfriend were celebrating their back-to-back birthdays on Thursday, January 5. The "Limitless" actor turned 42 that day, while Shayk turned 31 on Friday. The couple celebrated with several celebrity friends at their home in the posh Pacific Palisades coastal community near Los Angeles.

As seen in several photos obtained by E! News, coming to the two's birthday celebration were Cooper's co-star in upcoming "A Star Is Born" %cLady Gaga%, his "War Dogs' co-star %cJonah Hill% as well as %cAaron Johnson% and %cAlyssa Milano%, who came with their respective spouses. Other guests included Cooper's "American Sniper" co-star %cSienna Miller% and comedian %cDave Chappelle%.

Cooper and Shayk began dating in early 2015. Last month, the pregnant model sparked engagement rumors after she stepped out sporting a massive diamond ring on her left hand during an outing.

