www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3172371/You-married-Taylor-Swift-Howard-Stern-grills-Jake-Gyllenhaal-romance-singer-actor-confesses-marriage-scares-him.html

Zoe Nauman, Zoe Nauman For Dailymail.Com

Howard Stern grills Jake Gyllenhaal on his Taylor Swift romance

They only romanced for a matter of months, but it didn’t stop Howard Stern from hoping their relationship could have been so much more.

Speaking to Jake Gyllenhaal about his love affair with Taylor Swift on Wednesday, the shock jock said he wanted the actor to take it all the way to the altar.

Speaking on his Sirius XM show Howard told Jake: ‘I feel—and this is me stepping in—you should have married Taylor Swift, and I'll tell you why…What a power couple!’

Scroll down for video

Third degree: Jake Gyllenhaal was quizzed on his romance with Taylor Swift on Wednesday when he made an appearance on the Howard Stern XFM show

The Southpaw actor, 34, responded: ‘Oh, that's the reason?’

Howard, 61, who was now in his stride, revealed he was ‘super attracted’ to Taylor and said if he had been friends with Jake when they were dating, he would have told him she was worth staying with long term.

The Nightcrawler star, who dated the ‘Shake It Off’ singer for three months back in 2010 admitted: ‘She’s a beautiful girl.’

Romance: He dated the singer for three months in 2010

Jake joked: ‘Why didn't you have me on this show sooner?’

Howard, warming to his topic continued: ‘I would have said, “Jake, this is The One.”

‘Because to me, nothing is sexier than a woman who can play songs and write.’

Robin Quivers who co-hosts with Howard then brought up Taylor had written a song about her relationship with Jake – their break up is said to have inspired tracks on the Red album.

To the altar: Howard pressed the actor for details and then said he thought they should have got hitched

Jake, feigning ignorance said: ‘Do I?’

Howard chimed in asking which one it was.

The actor replied: ‘I don't know...This is all Robin. She's looking it up right now. She's feverishly looking it up online.’

Howard then asked Jake if he was in love at the moment, who responded he wasn’t.

When asked if he was upset about it, Jake replied: ‘Yeah. I love love, man. Are you kidding me?’

Howard then asked: ‘How many times in your life have you really been in love—really in love?’

Jake answered: ‘Three times but didn’t name any names. He then added: ‘Twice.’

Big love: Jake was asked if he had ever been in love - he said twice. It is thought he was referring to his relationship with Kirsten Dunst - they are pictured here at the American Museum of Natural History in New York in 2004

It is thought he may have been referring to his relationship with Kirsten Dunst, whom he dated from 2002 to 2004, and also Reese Witherspoon, whom he was with for three years from 2007 to 2009.

When asked if something held him back from getting married he revealed it was him and said: ‘I think I probably just got scared.’

However he also said: 'There are a lot of beautiful women, there are opportunities, but I think at the same time, if you find the right person, I believe in monogamy I believe in when you meet somebody who is right it will be right and you will stay there.'

Happy: It thought he was also referring to Reese Witherspoon, whom he was with for three years from 2007 to 2009

Howard also addressed Jakes appearance on Good Morning America on Tuesday, where Taylor’s song Bad Blood played in the background as the actor was being interviewed.

It became an issue on social media as it was thought the show may have been attempting to make an association between the pair.

Jake reiterated he was unaware of the music, saying: ‘First of all, I did not hear that...When I'm doing an interview when you're up at 5 a.m. and you can't really make sense of words, you're not thinking about the background music that's playing behind you.’

Oops! The star was also asked about his appearance on Good Morning America on Tuesday, where they played a Taylor Swift song when he came on set

‘So they aren't they sabotaging you in a sense?’ Howard asked.

‘Oh, please!’ the actor retorted. ‘Good Morning America?’

When asked if he would have recognised it was a song by Taylor Jake said adamantly he would.

Howard pressed on: ‘You are not defined by dating Taylor Swift. But they are defining you with a Taylor Swift song.’

Jake joked: ‘There are dark things that happen on Good Morning America. That is not one of them.’

