www.express.co.uk/news/royal/996038/Meghan-Markle-Prince-Harry-different-William-Kate-body-language-royal-news-latest

Martina Bet

Meghan Markle and Harry show their love in 'COMPLETELY DIFFERENT' ways to William and Kate

Speaking with the Express.co.uk, Tracey Cox, a body language and relationships expert and TV presenter, suggested the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are both the “star” in the relationship. Ms Cox said: “There is something about them that is very similar. “Same approach to the world, they both like to have a bit of fun, they very quickly settled in to the appropriate level of affection. “Their body language shows nobody is at the bottom of the relationship and that is because it is an unusual situation with her being a Hollywood celebrity and him being the star.

“Usually there is only one star in the relationship.” When asked how this compares to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s “mannerisms”, Ms Cox said: “Kate very much knows William is the star.” She added: “Her body language shows she is quite subservient to him. “Whereas with Harry and Meghan their body language is completely different.

Meghan and Harry's body language shows they are very different from William and Kate

Kate and Meghan: A royal friendship in pictures Sat, July 14, 2018 Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle: Take a look at their royal friendship in pictures. Play slideshow Getty Images 1 of 21 Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan laugh together during a Wimbledon match

“I can't see any power struggle, and she has got a level of saying.” Ms Cox explained her claims and suggested the reason why the two Royal couples have got such different relationships is because the pressure is on Prince William, who is third in line to be king. Ms Cox said: “This is why Meghan and Harry can have public display of affection in public while William and Kate tend not to. "They can be a bit more modern and affectionate."

Meghan and Harry can have public display of affection in public while William and Kate tend not to

