metro.co.uk/2018/08/12/brad-pitt-and-angelina-jolie-at-each-others-throats-in-custody-battle-over-their-children-7830181/

Alicia Adejobi

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie ‘can’t agree on anything’ in custody row

Brad and Ange are in the middle of a tense custody battle (Picture: WireImage)

Tensions are reportedly high between estranged couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.

A new report alleges that Brad, 54, is worried that his ex-wife Angelina, 43, could move their six children abroad making it difficult for him to see them regularly.

Brad and Angelina, who split in September 2016, are in the midst of a custody battle that is currently being played out in the courts.

The Mail Online claim that the former couple are struggling to get on the same page and ‘can’t agree on anything’.

Brad argues he has paid child support for his six children (Photo by Jun Sato/WireImage)

A source allegedly told the publication: ‘They’re at each other’s throats again… It’s no secret that Angie would like to get full custody of the children and move abroad.

‘Although she has physical custody, she can’t move without Brad’s consent. Brad does not want to have to fly eight or nine hours each time he wants to see his children. He is trying to keep the status quo.’

Advertisement

Advertisement

Metro.co.uk understands that Brad never discusses anything to do with his children but will always do whatever he can support them and the family.

Angelina has physical custody of their six children (Photo by Samir Hussein/WireImage)

Last week, Angelina is reported to have filed legal papers claiming that Brad has not paid any ‘meaningful’ child support in the two years since their split.

However, the actor countered that he has paid Angelina over £1 million for their children and even lent her £6.25 million to buy a new home for their family. A source told us that Brad ‘fulfils his commitments’.

Angelina and Brad share six children: Maddox, 17, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 12, and twins Vivienne and Knox, 10.

Brad is understood to have spent some quality time with his children in London recently where Angelina was filming Maleficent 2, and also in Los Angeles where he has been shooting Once Upon a Time in Hollywood.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Brad Pitt ‘gave Angelina Jolie millions in child support’ as divorce battle rages on

MORE: Angelina Jolie keen for quickie divorce amid claims Brad Pitt has not paid ‘meaningful child support’

