radaronline.com/photos/ben-affleck-feud-jennifer-garner-son-basketball-game-blowout/

Radar Staff, February

Ben Affleck & Jennifer Garner Breakout Into Blowout Fight At Son's Game

“She doesn’t want her kids to grow up without a dad!” The shouting match comes just two weeks after the bloated Batman star — who has been in and out of rehab, most recently in December — suffered a terrifying motorcycle accident that could have caused brain damage.

As Radar reported, Affleck wrecked his new bike — billed the world’s fastest motorcycle — on his way to church. The troubled actor hit his head against a curb after crashing his 194-horsepower Suzuki Hayabusa, which retails for nearly $20,000 — and was somehow able to hobble away from the accident.

“Jen thinks he’s being incredibly childish and selfish,” the source said. “She believes he needs to start acting more like a dad and less like a kid!”

Spies on the scene at the Barrington Recreation Center after five-year-old Samuel’s game spilled Garner wasn’t restrained by being in public — the 13 Going on 30 star read Affleck the riot act, loud and clear!

“Jen emptied out on Ben, and he seemed to be on the defensive,” according to our spy. “She only seemed to calm down when Samuel got close to them.”

Jen and Ben, also parents to Violet, 12, and Seraphina, 9, stopped fighting to refocus on co-parenting, buying Samuel an ice cream cone and walking as a family — with their heads down in silence — to the parking lot before they went their separate ways.

But the latest blowup comes as no surprise to sources close to the couple, both 45, who’ve seen Jen suffer through Ben’s affair with their kids’ nanny, Christine Ouzounian, in 2015; his humiliating public apology to actress Hilarie Burton, who accused him of groping her; and his current affair with hard-partying Saturday Night Live producer Lindsay Shookus!

“Jen’s fed up with Ben’s behavior — especially since they agreed to divorce,” a pal snitched. “She doesn’t like Lindsay and says she’s a bad influence on him.”

Added the source: “She’s told him to clean up his act — or stay away from the kids!”

