metro.co.uk/2018/04/10/paris-hilton-asks-fans-if-the-simple-life-should-return-after-confirming-nicole-richie-is-invited-to-wedding-7456149/

Abigail Gillibrand

Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie reunite and ask fans if The Simple Life should return

Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie could return to screens in The Simple Life reboot (Picture: Fox)

Paris Hilton could be coming back to reality TV as she asks her fans whether or not The Simple Life should return.

The 37-year-old posed the question to her 18 million followers on Monday, by uploading a poll onto her Twitter account.

She simply wrote: ‘Should #TheSimpleLife return?’ with a quick yes or no option for fans to divulge whether or not they would want to see the show back on their screens.

And who would have guessed that these five simple words were enough to send fans into meltdown as at the time of her poll, more than 80 per cent of the people who took part said yes.

The pair were reunited at The Daily Front Row Fashion Awards in L.A. on Sunday (Picture: Fox)

One fan wrote: ‘I’d be so excited. How funny were they together.’

Advertisement

Advertisement

While another added: ‘Hell yessss!! I still live for this programme and will forever be one of my faves! A comeback would be EPIC.’

Someone else replied: ‘IS THAT EVEN A QUESTION!! OF COURSE.’

Hilton starred in the reality show from 2003 to 2005 alongside her best bud Nicole Richie. However following a very public fall out, the final season saw Richie replaced by Kimberly Stewart.

However it looks like their differences have been put aside as the two were photographed together at The Daily Front Row Fashion Awards on Sunday.

Paris has also revealed that Richie will be invited to her wedding (Picture: Fox)

Paris took to Twitter to share a snap of their reunion with the caption: ‘Love you @ NicoleRichie No one could make me laugh like you do. # SimpleLifeReunion # SanaSa.’

She has also confirmed that Richie will be invited to her wedding along with all of her other gals.

In an interview with Entertainment Tonight, the bride-to-be said: ‘All my girls will be invited. Right now, we’re just picking out the dress and the location.

‘There’s so much to plan so I just can’t wait. It’s a really exciting time for everyone.’

Paris and her soon to be hubby Chris will be sparing no expense when it comes to their big day and the DJ wishes to wear a dress that looks like something pulled straight out of a Disney film.

Advertisement

Advertisement

She said: ‘It’s a lot of planning to do. Right now, we are just trying to figure out a date and a location and my dress. I definitely want it to be very magical. I love Disney princess vibes.’

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Britney Spears slips back into her booty shorts and Miley Cyrus – and us – are living for it

MORE: Paris Hilton loses $2 million engagement ring in stranger’s ice bucket

