www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4396214/Mariah-Carey-gives-Bryan-Tanaka-25-000-month.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Mariah Carey 'gives Bryan Tanaka $25,000 a month'

It's often said it's better to give than to receive but Mariah Carey is apparently happy to do both.

According to Life & Style magazine, the 47-year-old gives her boyfriend Bryan Tanaka $25,000 a month specifically so he can buy her gifts.

Sources claim the pop diva - who is worth around $520 million - is all too aware of the fact her backup dancer beau doesn't earn nearly as much as she does.

On the payroll: Mariah Carey gives her boyfriend Bryan Tanaka a $25,000 monthly allowance so he can buy her gifts, it's claimed by Life & Style magazine

The star, who is known for her lavish lifestyle, likes to be spoiled when she's in a relationship.

And after being engaged to Australian billionaire James Packer - who would reportedly shower her with expensive presents regularly - sources told the magazine she 'wants the same treatment from Bryan'.

'She doesn’t care that he’s using her money to do it,' added the insider.

Spoiled: Sources say the 47-year-old diva loves receiving presents. 'She doesn’t care that he’s using her money to do it,' an insider claimed

The good life: According to sources, Mariah had grown accustomed to being lavished with expensive gifts from her former fiance, James Packer, and expects the same from Bryan

But a rep for the We Belong Together singer denies the report, branding it simply 'not true'.

'[Bryan] makes his own money, and what he can afford, he buys her,' an insider told Gossip Cop. 'Whenever he gets her something, it’s appreciated.'

It was confirmed in February Mariah had started her 33-year-old dancer, following her split from James, 49, in October last year.

But despite sharing a series of photos on Instagram with her new man, the star has been reluctant to speak about her new relationship.

Denial: A rep for the We Belong Together singer has hit out, calling reports Mariah gives Bryan a monthly allowance 'not true'

Money man: '[Bryan] makes his own money, and what he can afford, he buys her,' an insider said. 'Whenever he gets her something, it’s appreciated'

'I’m just going to be like, "I don’t really talk about my personal life,"' she told the Associated Press in February.

'Because that’s what I used to do and it really worked for a minute back, a while ago. I just don’t feel comfortable talking about my personal life… me and my boyfriend don’t want to do that.'

One person who has given the Hero star and her relationship the seal of approval though is her ex-husband, Nick Cannon.

'As long as she's happy,' the 36-year-old told The Howard Stern Show in February.

