www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4409436/Caitlyn-Jenner-calls-Ellen-DeGeneres-memoir.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Caitlyn Jenner calls out Ellen DeGeneres in memoir

Caitlyn Jenner thinks Ellen DeGeneres 'alienated' her from the LGBTQ community.

The 67-year-old American television personality, who was pictured out in Malibu on Thursday, appeared on the talk show host's popular show in 2015 after transitioning.

She admitted to Ellen that she had been hesitant to accept gay marriage in the past, prompting the blonde star to describe her guest's views as 'confusing' in a later interview with radio presenter Howard Stern.

In her memoir, The Secrets of My Life, which has been obtained by Radar Online, Caitlyn says Ellen, 59, asked in a 'friendly voice' to discuss how her views on marriage equality has 'progressed over the years.'

Scroll down for video

'Alienated': Caitlyn Jenner, pictured in Malibu on Thursday, has called out Ellen DeGeneres in her new memoir, The Secrets Of My Life

Blame: The 67-year-old accuses the talk show host of taking her stance on gay marriage out of context

Caitlyn wrote: 'I believed, as anyone would, that that was exactly what she wanted to talk about my progression in terms of changing attitude over the years.

'I am for it. I did not initially understand why marriage was so important, influenced no doubt by my own personal experience. Now I do, and it's a wonderful thing to see.'

'This discussion further alienated me from members of the LGBTQ community. Ellen's appearance on The Howard Stern Show, where in my mind she even more emphatically took what I said out of context, made it go viral.'

Start of it all: The 67-year-old reality star previously spoke on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in September of 2015 about gay marriage

The I Am Cait star - who has six children and has been married three times in the past - had admitted during her interview with Ellen that she was a 'traditionalist' who never used to approve of same-sex marriage, but her attitude had changed in recent years.

She said: 'I have to admit that I remember 15 years ago, 20 years ago, whenever it was that the whole gay marriage issue came up, I was not for it.

'I am a traditionalist. I mean, I'm older than most people in the audience. I like tradition and it's always been between a man and a woman and I'm thinking I don't' quite get it.

'But as time goes on, like a lot of people on this issue I've really changed thinking here, to I don't ever want to stand in front of anybody's happiness.'

She added: 'That's not my job. OK. If that word marriage is really, really that important to you I can go with it.'

When Ellen then accused her of being 'still a little not on board' with the idea, Caitlyn replied: 'No I'm on board. It's going to be pretty much the law of the land. So I still feel like yeah, I'm OK with it. I don't want to stand in front of somebody's happiness.'

DeGeneres later discussesd Caitlyn's comments in a radio interview.

'She still has a judgment about gay marriage,' DeGeneres told Howard Stern.

'I said, "You're wanting people to understand and accept you, this is like really confusing to people. And you want us to understand, and that you still have a judgment about gay people and marriage."

