www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4567132/Jon-Hamm-talks-Jennifer-Westfeldt-split.html

Heidi Parker For Dailymail.Com

Jon Hamm talks Jennifer Westfeldt split

Jon Hamm broke up with girlfriend of 18 years, actress Jennifer Westfeldt, nearly two years ago.

And on Friday the 46-year-old actor finally addressed the painful split in a new interview with InStyle magazine.

'It’s hard. It’s hard to be single after being together for a long time. It’s really hard. It sucks,' the Mad Men actor said.

Honesty: Jon Hamm broke up with girlfriend of 18 years, actress Jennifer Westfeldt, nearly two years ago; he spoke about the split to InStyle magazine

This comes after he was linked to Kate Beckinsale.

Hamm and the beauty were seen flirting at the screening of his new movie Baby Driver at the London Hotel in West Hollywood.

An onlooker told the New York Post newspaper's Page Six column: 'They were flirting and he kept going back to her all night. It was like he couldn't leave her.'

Strike a pose: On Friday the 46-year-old actor finally addressed the painful split in a new interview with InStyle magazine

Guns! He also showed off his muscles as he lifted his shirt while looking at plants

For the shoot, Hamm flexed his muscles while rocking denim; he also posed in neutral hues.

Also in the InStyle interview Hamm talked about the issues he has.

'I may be a narcissist in the way that most actors are, but I think it’s not to the detriment of those in my life. I try to be a good friend, a good partner, and all that stuff.'

Hamm added: 'I’m not perfect, and it hurts when you hurt other people. But the hope is to find the right balance so you can care about your own stuff enough to live your life and do your job well while also not being a monster.'

He then alluded to his rehab visit in February 2015.

The ex: Jon Hamm broke up with longtime girlfriend, actress Jennifer Westfeldt, nearly two years ago. And on Friday the 46-year-old actor finally addressed the painful split in a new interview with InStyle magazine; seen in 2014

'Medical attention is medical attention whether it’s for your elbow or for your teeth or for your brain, and it’s important,' said the star.

'We live in a world where to admit anything negative about yourself is seen as a weakness, when it’s actually a strength. It’s not a weak move to say, "I need help." In the long run it’s way better, because you have to fix it.'

And then he got very candid about his problems.

'I’m certainly damaged — there’s no denying it,' he admitted.

'If you look at the history of my life, it’s not great. When your mom dies when you’re nine, and your dad dies when you’re 20, and then you live on couches in other people’s basements … I mean, there’s certainly a version of that person who does not come out of it as successfully as I have.'

New love? Jon Hamm 'couldn't leave' Kate Beckinsale's side at an event in LA on Wednesday; here they are seen at earlier premieres

She was there: The Mad Men star, 46, was taken by the British beauty, 43, and was 'flirting' with her at a screening of his new movie Baby Driver at the London Hotel in West Hollywood; here she is pictured at the event with Edgar Wright

As far as Kate, she is single after a split from husband Len Wiseman in November 2015.

Kate is known for the close friendship she has retained with Michael Sheen, whom she has a teenager with, and recently admitted he will always be 'family' to her.

Asked what the secret is to their longstanding friendship, she said: 'Well one, pick well. And two, I think we both really felt like, we really agreed on what would be the right thing for Lily. And I think, you know, not hating each other and fighting and all that would be awful for her.

'I think we've also got a really similar sense of humour, and I do find that humour can save an awful lot of things and help a lot of things.

With a pal: Here Hamm is seen at the Baby Driver event with Star Wars vet Mark Hamill

'I just really like him. He's family. I've known him since I was 21, so he's proper family now.'

And Kate regularly spends time with the Masters Of Sex star and his current partner Sarah Silverman and the group tend to spend Christmas and Thanksgiving together.

She added to Entertainment Tonight: 'Well, we had Thanksgiving at his girlfriend's house and they're having Christmas at our house.

'We like hanging out with each other, so it's not like, "Oh, who gets Lily?" or whatever. It's like, "Whose house are we going to be at?"'

