www.goodreads.com/book/show/12299419-mystery-man



Mystery Man (Dream Man, #1)

“Mitch,” I whispered. “Strong, the last three consonants, that is, but not in a harsh way, in a soft way. And when you’re with someone you care about and you’re close and they say something you can’t hear, you don’t say, ‘What?’ you say, ‘Mm?’ real soft. Put that and the last together, soft and strong, things a cop needs to be… Mitch.”

He stared at me.

I kept babbling. “And Lawson, goes without saying, Law… son. Son of the law.” I pulled in a breath through my nose and then whispered, “Perfect.”

“I want him,” I whispered my secret.

“Then talk to him,” Cam whispered back.

“I wanted him to be special,” I kept whispering. “

Girl,” she kept whispering too and got closer, wrapping her fingers around my arm, “talk to him…..

“I’ll always be filler,”

[okay he’d slept with other women in the course of their 1.5 year booty call and I was super mad at him for awhile. But…then I realized that she never initiated a single conversation in all the time they were sleeping together and hard to work out the acceptables of your relationship when you’ve never really talked to the man. Gwen could have changed her situation at any time. (hide spoiler)

“Who’re you?” Elvira demanded to know, eyeing up Cam and Cam looked at her.

“Gwen’s best friend,” Cam answered.

Tracy had made it to the bar and she leaned both forearms into it, saying to Elvira, “We share that title.”

Elvira looked over her shoulder at me where I was positioning myself at the back counter. “If that’s true, girl, you better make up your mind ’cause you can’t have two maids of honor.

I always feel like I have to give this disclaimer with KA books but maybe even more-so with this one…. There are very specific reasons why that is the case but mostly it is because it isn’t your usual boy meets girl story. It’s more of a boy sees girl, boy thinks girl is hot, boy takes girl to bed and then sneaks into her house to pretty much booty call her for a year and a half without her even knowing his name.In most KA book I suspend disbelief because I always seem to like the emotional journey she takes me on. So while I can’t imagine being Gwen and seeing the hot stranger in a restaurant and taking him home without much conversation including the general niceties such as ‘what’s your name’ I totally love the dangerous idea of it.and in that world Alpha men have little to no boundaries and they sneak into your house a few days later for some of the best sex of your life and then continue to do that intermittently for over a year.Too bad her stupid selfish sister has to screw it all up and turn Gwen’s life upside down. After getting into a little trouble it seems that Gwen has been pulled into her sisters problems which also introduces her to many hot men from so different areas in life including H O T cop Mitch Lawson (totally going to read his book). I little flirting with him brings out night lovers slightly jealous side so that he wants to make a claim and make sure that Gwen knows she’s totally his.I LOVE IT!!! But it seems Hawk (previously unnamed nighttime visitor) is not happy about all the sudden Alpha males interested in his girl on the down low.Okay so there are a few things…..One….I was totally loving the story and the new relationship status that Gwen is having with Hawk even though she is really fighting that every step of the way and then KA dropped the emotional bomb on me and I WAS NOT READY…..and I hated Hawk. Yep you heard me…I hated him because he hurt her feelings so much with some of his other ‘activities’ while they were having night time visits, and by visits I just mean sex together. And Gwen killed me with her reaction when we all found out what the bomb was.And Gwenny was totally hurt and I was hurt with her and Hawk was the biggest asshole around. (view spoiler) . I’m not saying I was happy about it but I’ll give it a pass this time based on the parameters of the situation.Two…..there are some H O T alpha men in this and all of them seem to meet Gwen and get an instant hard on for her. Like she must be putting off some serious pheromones for the amount of tuff guy interest in her. Still I’m going to allow it based on this being a KA book and that I enjoyed it. But seriously it’s like she smelled like a steak and they all wanted a big bite.Three….There are some great side characters. I loved all her friends and Elvira the secretary for Hawk’s place of work was the absolute best. She got away with saying some crazy fun stuff and just inserted herself into Gwen’s life like she’d been there all along. I totally loved it.Four….this is a bit alpha over the top even for one of KAs books so just be prepared and roll with it. Hawk is all alpha all the time and like many KA heroes he might be a bit broken so we all know that he will do something stupid because he doesn’t know how to deal with the situation. But I has some great intense emotional reactions in this to his backstory and how Gwen came to terms with both her past and his.Overall I enjoyed the story and while this by no means has any place in the real world the story for the most part worked for me and now I need to get to know all the Mystery Men.

