www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4936794/Caitlyn-Jenner-takes-plane-spin-LA.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Caitlyn Jenner takes her plane out for a spin in LA

Kim Kardashian called her a 'liar' and 'shady' during a teaser for this Sunday's Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

But on Friday, Caitlyn Jenner brushed off all the drama as she took her Beechcraft Baron plane for a spin in Van Nuys, California.

The 67-year-old was in the pilot's seat of the small two-engine aircraft, which is worth about $1.4 million.

Flying high: Caitlyn Jenner brushed off all the drama as she took her Beechcraft Baron plane for a spin in Van Nuys, California

The former Olympian donned a pink blouse with her light colored locks loose around her.

Caitlyn was seen manning the wheel on the plane while joined by a companion.

Her flight comes just days after a clip of Keeping Up With The Kardashians dropped, with her former step daughter calling her out.

Kim said in the teaser that: 'I've always had Caitlyn's back, but she's a liar and not a good person.'

Take off: The 67-year-old was in the pilot's seat of the small two-engine aircraft, which can be worth up to $1.4 million

There she is: The former Olympian donned a pink blouse with her light colored locks loose around her

Views: Caitlyn was seen manning the wheel on the plane while joined by a companion

Kim's harsh comments came after the 36-year-old found out that Caitlyn wrote about her father, lawyer Robert Kardashian, Sr.

During the teaser for KUWTK, she finds out that Caitlyn said Robert 'knew OJ [Simpson] was guilty' in her memoir The Secrets Of My Life.'

Kim found out about its inclusion in Caitlyn's book while reading an article online.

Here she goes: Her flight comes just days after a clip of Keeping Up With The Kardashians dropped, with her former step daughter calling her out

Time to fly: The reality star was seen in the front seat piloting the small plane

In hot water: Kim Kardashian called her a 'liar' and 'shady' during a teaser for this Sunday's Keeping Up With The Kardashians; Caitlyn pictured in August in LA

Kim gets an alert on her phone and she begins reading to her sisters Kourtney, 38, and Khloe, 33.

'It says in Caitlyn's book "Robert Kardashian knew OJ Simpson was guilty but joined the defense team to get back at his remarried ex [mom Kris]."

'What?!' Kourtney blurts before Kim can even finish her sentence.

How it all started: Kim's harsh comments came after the 36-year-old found out that Caitlyn wrote about her father, lawyer Robert Kardashian, Sr

She continued reading: 'Robert told Caitlyn in secret after the OJ murder trial that he believed his friend was guilty.'

Khloe is the first to call nonsense on the story, saying in frustration: 'That's not true. That's not.'

'It's just so wild,' Kim said. 'Dad so believed in him.'

Kourtney is the next to chime in, wondering: 'Like, to sell a book... you're going to make something up?'

Not buying it: Khloe is the first to call nonsense on the story, saying in frustration: 'That's not true. That's not'

Kim said the way Caitlyn included that bit into her book was 'shady' because she tried to hide the unflattering parts from the KKW Beauty founder.

The mother of two explained: 'It is so shady that Caitlyn came over and gave me the book. Then on the phone she said, "Well the final version has a few more things in it. Don't worry, it's nothing about you."'

Kim continued: 'So she lied to me. Cause that is about me if it's about or dad.'

In disbelief: Kourtney is the next to chime in, wondering: 'Like, to sell a book... you're going to make something up?'

Kim and Khloe opened up more in a confessional to-camera video, where the bombshell explained: 'My relationship with Caitlyn... was strained, and I was just trying to just be respectful.'

'You're very... You have the most patience,' Khloe added.

'But if you talk about my dad, I will cut you' Kim finished with an assertive nod.

Meanwhile, Caitlyn's youngest daughter Kylie Jenner, 20, is rumored to be 'four months pregnant' with her first child - a 'girl' - according to TMZ.

She has been in a relationship with her rapper boyfriend Travis Scott for five months.

Khloe is also reportedly pregnant with her and boyfriend Tristan Thompson's baby, reports TMZ.

Kim confirmed she is expecting her third child with husband Kanye West via surrogate in another teaser for KUWTK.

Season 14 of KUWTK premieres this Sunday.

Not happy: Kim and Khloe opened up more in a confessional to-camera video, where the bombshell explained: 'My relationship with Caitlyn... was strained, and I was just trying to just be respectful.'

