www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5966941/Katy-Perry-considering-moving-London-boyfriend-Orlando-Bloom.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Katy Perry 'is considering moving to London' with boyfriend Orlando Bloom

They announced their on-again, off-again relationship was officially back on in late April.

And now it seems like Katy Perry might be contemplating a move to London to be closer to her boyfriend Orlando Bloom, according to a new report from UsWeekly.

Though they already both have homes in Los Angeles - hers is in Hollywood while his is in Malibu - the two have been spending time together in England recently.

On the move? It seems like Katy Perry might be contemplating a move to London to be closer to her boyfriend Orlando Bloom; seen in London on Thursday

And Us sources say they look even happier in his home town.

On Thursday the 33-year-old singer was spotted in the English capital grabbing dinner with her 41-year-old actor beau after she attended his play, Killer Joe.

'Katy and Orlando looked like any normal couple during dinner,' a restaurant-goer at Annabel's told the site. 'She had a huge smile on her face the whole time.'

The I Kissed a Girl singer was between legs of her world tour and jetted off to the United Kingdom to visit her Lord of the Rings star lover.

Quick bite: The 33-year-old singer was spotted last Thursday night in the English capital grabbing dinner with her 41-year-old actor beau after she attended his play, Killer Joe

The source went on to add that other diners, 'noticed she was so in love with him by the way she looked at him.'

And also remarked, 'Orlando was cracking her up.'

The couple first started dating back in January of 2016, but split in February of the following year.

Around town: The couple sat down for a bite at the recently opened, 'too beautiful to fail' Annabel's and onlookers couldn't help themselves from remarking on their amore

All of that seems to be in the past now, however, as the Roar singer has been seen frequently jetting off to London since they got back together.

Katy is now back on her world tour in support of her most recent album Witness.

On Wednesday, she is set to play a show in Johannesburg, follwed by two more concerts in South Africa's most-populous city on Friday and Saturday.

She will then head to Australia and New Zealand to wrap up the almost year long, 115-date concert series.

Second time's the charm: The couple first started dating back in January of 2016, but split in February of the following year

Effort: All of that seems to be in the past now, however, as the Roar singer has been seen frequently jetting off to London since they got back together; seen in NYC in 2016

Katy is on the cover of this month's Vogue Australia, where she opened up in an interview with close friend Derek Blasberg.

She talked about her love for music and how the mixed success of her album Witness made her reevaluate things.

'Music is my first love and I think it was the universe saying: "Okay, you speak all of this language about self-love and authenticity, but we are going to put you through another test and take away any kind of validating "blankie."

'"Then we’ll see how much you do truly love yourself." That brokenness, plus me opening up to a greater, higher power and reconnecting with divinity, gave me a wholeness I never had.

She also gave fans a small relationship update with Blasberg relaying: 'For the record, her and Orlando are good, thanks.'

