hollywoodlife.com/2016/05/11/kristen-stewart-advice-fka-twigs-robert-pattinson-relationship-trouble/

Lauren Cox, Senior Editor

FKA Twigs Turns To Kristen Stewart For Love Advice With Rob Pattinson

Well, this is weird. A new report claims that FKA Twigs has been leaning on Robert Pattinson’s ex, Kristen Stewart, for advice about their relationship. Hmm.

Is Kristen Stewart, 26, doling out love advice to her ex’s fiancee? One shocking report claims that FKA Twigs, 28, has been reaching out to the Twilight actress in hopes of figuring out her future husband, Robert Pattinson, 29.

Uh oh. Is there trouble in paradise for the future Mr. and Mrs. Pattinson? Unfortunately, a new report claims that Rob is “off the rails,” and that his fiancee, FKA Twigs, is having trouble reaching him. So, what’s a girl to do? Talk to his ex, obviously!

“Twigs knows that Kristen understands him almost better than anyone,” a source told OK magazine’s May 23 issue. “She thinks it’s worth a shot.” Hopefully, Kristen can help FKA figure out what to do about her man and his alleged troubles. Plus, this isn’t the first time there have been rumors of trouble between the engaged couple. As HollywoodLife.com previously reported, the pair spent her birthday together — but she wasn’t wearing her engagement ring. Awkward.

The report claims that Rob is “very self-destructive” when he’s “not working.” It also claims that FKA has asked Rob to find his chill, but that he’s more or less ignored her and continues “nonstop partying.” Yikes. Maybe reaching out to Kristen wasn’t the worst idea, especially after the three of them had a run-in at the 2016 Met Ball on May 2.

In the meantime, Kristen has been focusing on her own rocky love life. Not only did she reportedly break up with rumored girlfriend Soko before the Met Ball, but she was seen leaving an after party with sexy model Stella Maxwell after the big event. And to make things even more confusing, Kristen fled back to Los Angeles to spend time with her rumored ex, Alicia Cargile, after her night out with Stella. Hmm.

Tell us, HollywoodLifers — Do YOU think Twigs and Kristen are really talking to each other about RPattz? Comment below with your thoughts!

