www.goldderby.com/article/2018/2018-sag-awards-live-stream-how-to-watch-online-screen-actors-guild-awards/

Paul Sheehan

2018 SAG Awards live stream: How to watch online Sunday’s 24th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards

Kristen Bell (“The Good Place”) hosts the SAG Awards live on both TBS and TNT beginning at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET on January 21. Cable and satellite subscribers will once again be able to watch the two-hour event live on the apps for those Turner TV channels. And for the first time in the 24-year history of these awards bestowed by the Screen Actors Guild, the ceremony will be available on a variety of streaming services: DirecTV Now, Fubo TV, Hulu Live TV, Sling TV, Sony PlayStation Vue, and YouTube TV.

Those who tune in by whatever means will get to see these women announcing the winners of the Screen Actors Guild Awards: Rosanna Arquette, Halle Berry, SAG-AFTRA President Gabrielle Carteris, Dakota Fanning, Mandy Moore, Olivia Munn, Niecy Nash, Lupita Nyong’o, Gina Rodriguez, Maya Rudolph, Emma Stone, Marisa Tomei and Kelly Marie Tran.

As always, the telecast will open with various actors telling their stories of how they got their guild cards. This year, it will only be women in the spotlight. The only men you will see on the stage of the Shrine Auditorium will be the winners of the five races for male actors as well as those in the casts of the winning ensembles and the nominated films.

SEE 2018 SAG Awards: What time does the show start, who will win, who hosts?

Leading the list of nominees on the film side is “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” with four bids. “Lady Bird” follows close behind with three. “The Big Sick,” “Get Out,” “Mudbound,” “I, Tonya,” and “The Shape of Water” have two apiece.

Netflix dominated on the TV side, with 19 nominations, followed by HBO with an even dozen. Among the streaming giant’s bids are the cast of the dramas “The Crown” and “Stranger Things” and the comedies “GLOW” and “Orange is the New Black.”

SEE 2018 SAG Awards: Full list of presenters at the Screen Actors Guild Awards is (almost) exclusively women

Be sure to make your SAG predictions so that Hollywood insiders can see how their films and performers are faring in our odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before winners are announced on January 21. And join in the fierce debate over the 2018 SAG Awards taking place right now with Hollywood insiders in our movie forums. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.

SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions

