timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/events/happy-new-year-2018-wishes-quotes-whatsapp-status-greetings-and-messages/articleshow/62295336.cms



Happy New Year 2019: Wishes, Greetings, Whatsapp Status, Messages & Quotes

—by Seneca







Because our emotional attachment and feelings differ from person to person. A message meant for a friend may not be the right message that you might want to send to your partner. The best way to start a New Year is by reading some memorable wishes and quotes messaged by our friends, family and loved ones!Due to our hectic schedules, we hardly get time to meet people and wish them in person. But thanks to technology, we can now send them some love through warm New Year wishes, although they might be miles away from us. But we cannot send the same message to all people, right?Also, this is the perfect time to share some inspirational quotes with your friends and family that will help them start the New Year on a happy and energetic note. However, there will be millions of messages flooding the Internet and to choose the perfect message for the right person can be quite a task. But fret not, we bring to you some unique quotes and messages to help you wish them on New Year!“Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.”—by Oprah Winfrey“Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.”—by Benjamin Franklin“New Year's Day is every man's birthday.”—by Charles Lamb“The new year stands before us, like a chapter in a book, waiting to be written. We can help write that story by setting goals.”—by Melody Beattie"For last year’s words belong to last year’s language. And next year’s words await another voice."—by T.S. Eliot"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of other’s opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary."—by Steve Jobs"Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties."—by Helen Keller“You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call ‘failure’ is not the falling down, but the staying down.”—by Mary Pickford“Every new beginning comes from some other beginning’s end.”“Before the calendar turns a new leaf over, before the social networking sites get flooded with messages, before the mobile networks get congested, let me take a quiet moment out to wish you a wonderful, happy, healthy and prosperous New Year!”“As this year is ending, I wish all the negativity and difficulties also end with this year and 2019 bring success and desired results for you.”“As the new year renews all the happiness and good tidings, hope the joyful spirit keeps glowing in your heart forever! Happy New Year!”“Everything about the future is uncertain, but one thing is for sure that God had already planned all our tomorrows, we just have to trust him today, I heartily wish a beautiful tomorrow for you and your family. Happy New Year 2019!”“When I have friends like you, every day is a new beginning. Cheers to our friendship! Happy New Year!”"May the new year be filled with brightness and hope so that darkness and sadness stay away from you. Happy New Year!""It’s New Year and the best time to renew your dictionary of life. Remove words like jealousy, hate, revenge, greed from your dictionary and put words like love, care, compassion, honesty and satisfaction in their place. This will ensure that you have a great and guilt-free year ahead."“I knew I was in love when I stopped thinking about how pretty you look and started seeing the beauty within you. As the New Year begins, my love only grows stronger!”“To survive I need many things—food, air and water to name a few. But to live, I need you for you are not only my soulmate but my strength to face this wild world. Happy New Year, darling. Let’s 2019 the best year of our lives”“Your touch does to me what a pebble does, when dropped into the calm waters of a lake. You send ripples through my body and my soul. I love you to the moon and back. Let 2019 be a year of love a prosperity. Happy New Year, dear.”“Every time I see you smile, my heart misses a beat. I want 2019 to shower you with happiness so that your beautiful smile brightens my day, every day of this year. Keep smiling and be happy. Happy New Year!”“Before I met you, I was just living my life. But the moment our eyes met, I died a thousand deaths. And every time I was reborn, I wanted to breath my last wrapped in your arms. I want to make soft and tender love this night and welcome 2019 lying in your arms. The New Year only gets better when I am with you.”

