www.intouchweekly.com/posts/justin-timberlake-jessica-biel-fighting-baby-no-2-148876

In Touch Staff

Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel Are Fighting Over Baby No. 2

She makes it seem like they have the perfect marriage. “We believe in loyalty, honesty. We like to have fun. We like a lot of the same things,” Jessica Biel has said of her husband, Justin Timberlake. “He supports everything that I do. And that’s [why] I think she’s such a wonderful partner.”

But there’s one decision Justin just can’t support. “Jessica wants to wait to have more children,” an insider exclusively tells In Touch, “while Justin desperately wants another baby right now.” Before their 2012 wedding, Jessica promised the singer they’d have a big family, the insider says. Then she had their son, Silas, 2, and now the 7th Heaven alum isn’t sure about baby No. 2.

(Photo Credit: Splash)

It’s caused so much tension in their marriage that Justin, 36, and Jessica, 35, have “been seeking therapy,” says the insider. “Justin seems miserable.” Justin feels Jessica went back on her word. Originally, “Jessica had planned to raise their kids without nannies and even considered moving out of LA,” says the insider.

But she experienced some major career boosts: In March 2016, Jessica and her partners opened the popular, kid-friendly eatery Au Fudge in West Hollywood. Nearly a year later, she returned to TV as the star and executive producer of the celebrated USA crime drama The Sinner. Now, says the insider, “Jessica feels that there’s no rush [to have more kids]. And Justin feels like Jessica’s changed their plans without notice.”

Work isn’t the only thing stopping Jessica from focusing on expanding the family. Trust has long been an issue in their marriage. In 2014, Justin was spied getting cozy with his backup singer Zenya Ashford at a nightclub in Paris. “Jessica worries when Justin travels for work,” says the insider. “What wife in her position wouldn’t? She is constantly in fear that other women are throwing themselves at him.”

Friends of the couple are praying the duo can overcome their issues. “Jessica and Justin could use time alone to rekindle their love. They could use a vacation,” says the insider. “They’re both loved by those who know them, and everyone is rooting for their marriage to work. But right now, things don’t look good.”

For more exclusive celebrity news, pick up the latest issue of In Touch, on newsstands now!

