www.iheart.com/content/2017-09-16-sorry-brad-pitt-isnt-ready-to-date-after-angelina-jolie-split/

Michael Lewittes

Sorry, Brad Pitt Isn't Ready To Date After Angelina Jolie Split

The same seemingly concocted source continues in unnaturally expository language, “He’s living clean and is excited to start dating again soon.” The almost assuredly nonexistent “insider” then claims that over the summer Pitt was “getting teased about Sienna Miller, who he was not dating.” No one in the real-world would say, “Sienna Miller, who he was not dating.” What’s more curious is that just two months ago, HollywoodLies actually reported that Pitt was “seen cozying up to rumored flame Sienna Miller.”

(HollywoodLife)

The site’s same questionable “source” adds, “For the first time in a long time, Brad has been thinking about falling in love again… He’s incredibly excited by the thought of falling in love again and being in a healthy relationship.” That’s funny because in November 2016, HollywoodLies picked up another tabloid report that maintained Pitt was already dating Kate Hudson and wrote, “Kate is Brad’s mystery woman” and alleged they had “several secret meet-ups.”

The reality is the website has wrongly reported in the past that Pitt was involved with Miller and Hudson, as well as that he was getting back together with Jolie. All those claims were lies and underscore how the outlet will print anything and everything. As for its current assertion that Pitt is ready to date again, Gossip Cop is told no one in his inner circle has told the untrustworthy site that information.

It’s simply speculation. Yes, Pitt will date again and it will snow in the winter. All of these occurrences will eventually happen, but HollywoodLies has no insight into it whatsoever. Just two days ago, Gossip Cop nailed HollywoodLife for making up a fake news story about Pitt storming off a movie set because of the stress of his divorce from Jolie. The actor’s rep told Gossip Cop the tale was “totally false.” Similarly, the latest article about Pitt being “ready” to date is also made-up.

