radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/08/brad-pitt-dismisses-angelina-jolie-claim-she-is-hurting-for-money/

Radar Staff, August

Brad Pitt Dismisses Angelina Jolie Claim She Is Hurting For Money

Brad Pitt Scoffs At Angelina Jolie's Claim She Is Hurting For Money He believes she just cashed a huge check for 'Maleficent 2,' source notes.

Brad Pitt is reportedly dismissing ex Angelina Jolie’s claim that she’s hurting for money as their bitter divorce battle continues. According to The Blast, Pitt is scoffing at Jolie’s alleged financial woes — because she was just paid more than $20 million for her role in Maleficent 2!

The actors are embroiled in a vicious court feud over their divorce and custody of their six kids. As RadarOnline.com has reported, in the past week, legal papers have shown that Jolie, 43, accused Pitt, 54, of not paying her enough child support over the past two years.



The River Runs Through It star then slammed back, saying he actually gave her a loan of $8 million to buy her L.A. mansion and gave her an additional $1.3 million for their children.

Jolie soon countered, saying that “A loan is not, however, child support and to represent it as such is misleading and inaccurate.”

The Tomb Raider actress’ attorney Bley DeJean later said to PEOPLE, “What has been filed by Brad’s side today is a blatant attempt to obfuscate the truth and distract from the fact that he has not fully met his legal obligations to support the children.”



The Blast reported that sources very close to Pitt say that Jolie’s claims that she is hard up for cash and struggling to take care of the children while she has primary custody are “crazy.”

Jolie will star in the upcoming Disney sequel, Maleficent 2, which is scheduled to come out in 2020. The first Maleficent was a huge hit with Jolie playing the powerful fairy queen.

Sources told The Blast however that for ten years, Pitt has been the majority earner of the two.



But child and spousal support in California are based on current income, and nowadays the two stars aren’t so far apart their monthly earnings, the website has learned.

Jolie is claiming to be a struggling single mom, but Pitt and his legal team beg to differ!

It looks like the divorce fight could go on for quite some time.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

