www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4654602/mariah-careys-boyfriend-bryan-tanaka-thighs-date-night/

Dan Cain

Mariah Carey’s boyfriend Bryan Tanaka can’t keep his hands off her as he feels up her thighs on date night

MARIAH Carey's loved-up boyfriend Bryan Tanaka couldn't resist placing his hands on the singer's thighs as they made their way into Nobu restaurant in Malibu.

The smitten pair arrived in a stunning black Lamborghini with Bryan, 34, behind the wheel and climbed out of the eye-catching scissor doors.

15 Mariah Carey's loved-up boyfriend Bryan Tanaka couldn't resist placing his hands on the singer's thighs as they made their way into Nobu, Malibu Credit: BackGrid

15 He gently pulled her dress down before they made their way into the restaurant Credit: BackGrid

Mariah, 47, wore a busty black minidress with side cut outs, which she teamed with see-through tights and knee-high heeled boots.

She carried her leather jacked over her shoulder and held Bryan's hand while smiling at the cameras.

His muscular arms burst from his tight short-sleeved shirt which he wore with dark jeans and loafers.

The couple briefly stopped and showed each other affection, with Bryan cosying into his girl while placing his hands on her thighs and pulling down gently on her dress.

Meanwhile Mariah put her hands on his shoulders and gazed bashfully over into the distance.

15 The pair couldn't take their eyes off each other on date night Credit: Splash News

15 They shared lots of laughs and smiles as they walked hand in hand Credit: Splash News

15 They arrived inside a flash Lamborghini Credit: Splash News

15 Bryan emerged from behind the wheel Credit: Splash News

15 He looked smart in a short-sleeve shirts and dark trousers Credit: Splash News

15 Mariah was busty in the revealing black minidress Credit: Splash News

15 She carried a black leather jacket over her shoulder Credit: Splash News

Just days ago Westlife's Mark Feehily revealed Mariah once ate Chinese food sitting on the floor of his friend's flat in Hoxton - and isn't the diva she's claimed to be.

The Irish singer, 37, who is making a comeback after he was asked to be Mimi’s Special Guest on her epic Christmas tour in December, gave an incredible insight to what hanging out with the star off-stage is really like.

Speaking exclusively to The Sun Online, Mark, said: “They say never meet your idols - but this couldn’t be more opposite for Mariah.

15 Mariah is no diva, says Westlife's Mark Feehily Credit: Splash News

“The last time I went to see Mariah she was playing in Wembley.

“Afterwards we went to a friend's apartment in Hackney.

“We literally ordered a Chinese and sat on the floor eating our takeaway.

“So we were sitting on the floor, eating our Chinese and drinking champagne in a flat in London, discussing what was going on on the telly and having a laugh.

15 Mark Feehily described his relationship with Mariah in an exclusive interview Credit: Rex Features

“Her super stretch white limo was parked outside the block of flats. Next to all the other cars!

“To me that's a good example of who she is, the biggest selling female superstar of all time, a massive diva, she loves all the fabulous life of course but at same time she's very down to earth and not afraid to hang out in her mate's flat and have a Chinese and a bit of a laugh.”

The pair met in 1999 when she recorded duet Against All Odds with Westlife, and have remained friends ever since.

15 Mariah has developed a reputation as a bit of a diva over the years Credit: Getty - Contributor

15 Mark, performing with Westlife on their farewell tour back in 2012 Credit: Getty - Contributor

Mark, who has kept a low profile since Westlife split five years ago, has been quietly working on new material for next year, when he got the call to be part of Mariah’s epic show.

He said: ‘'I’m beaming. Doing a Christmas record is an idea I've had for a long time."

15 Mariah got to know Mark after recording with Westlife Credit: SONY BMG

He said: “Then when I got the call and the opportunity to be the special guest on the Mariah show it felt like the perfect opportunity to put this idea into action - at the biggest Christmas event in the pop world this year.”

Mark has turned his life around after reaching his lowest point when Westlife split, at the same time he was nursing heartbreak from separating from his fiancé.

He recalled: "So Westlife ended and my seven year relationship ended all at once. That was a tough and dark time. There was no aftercare. It's like 'thanks for selling 55million albums, now bye!' It's tough."

15 Mark will join Mariah on her tour Credit: PA:Press Association

Mark told how he took time away from the spotlight to rebuild his confidence and got therapy.

After quietly plugging away with new material, he got the call he had dreamed of from their mutual gig agent saying Mariah wanted him on the tour.

He added: “This Mariah gig is the icing on the cake.”

UK dates for the Mariah Carey: All I Want For Christmas Is You tour include Sunday 10 December at the Manchester Arena and Monday 11 December at the O2, London.

MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZ BRAVE FACE I'm A Celeb's Jac Jossa puts wedding ring back ON & says she's 'absolutely fine' QUEEN'S RULING Jac Jossa is first winner to EVER cancel live TV chats after threesome claim THE ENDER LoU? EastEnders fans convinced Linda will kill Louise on Christmas Day Exclusive BEN AND GONE ITV bosses considered replacing Phillip Schofield with GMB host Ben Shephard kiss it better? I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline & husband Dan kiss before reuniting with kids HUD-SON! Corrie's Lucy-Jo Hudson reveals she’s having a baby boy after Alan Halsall split

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.

We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

