www.etonline.com/news/216664_paris_jackson_is_focusing_on_her_film_and_modeling_career_with_new_dark_comedy_role

Sophie Schillaci

Paris Jackson Is 'Focusing on Her Film and Modeling Career' With New Dark Comedy Role



Paris Jackson is kicking her career into high gear.

The 19-year-old daughter of Michael Jackson is "focusing on her film and modeling career," a source tells ET. Meanwhile, another source says that Paris has landed a role opposite Golden Globe-nominated actor David Oyelowo for her first feature film project.

The untitled dark comedy will be directed by Nash Edgerton and produced by Amazon Studios. According to IMDb, Charlize Theron, Amanda Seyfried, Thandie Newton and Joel Edgerton are also attached to the film about an American businessman whose life is shaken up after an incident in Mexico.

The news comes as Paris celebrates her birthday on Wednesday, though she has yet to mark the occasion with a social media post.



WATCH: Paris Jackson Says She Was 'Perfect' in Dad Michael Jackson's Eyes, Says She Has Days Where She's 'Too Sensitive'

As for reports that the teen is seeking legal guardianship over her younger brother, Blanket, a source tells ET that's simply not true. "Blanket lives in Calabasas with TJ [Jackson] and his wife," the source says. "He's in good hands. He does the normal things that every teenager does."

Before tackling her first film project, Paris flexed her acting muscles on the set of Lee Daniels'Star, playing a chic and intimidating social media guru on the set of a publicity shoot.

"This role is really opposite to me," she said in a preview of the episode. "And for it being my first real on-camera acting, I think it's a good way for me to show my acting capabilities."

Paris also recently signed a contract with IMG Models and seems to have struck up a friendship with fellow model Kendall Jenner. The pals were spotted out shopping together at a flea market in March.



WATCH: New Besties! Paris Jackson and Kendall Jenner Have a Fun Shopping Date



Reporting by Stacie Gottsegen, Andy Reyes and Joe Siyam.

