www.intouchweekly.com/posts/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-mid-nuptial-agreement-139044

Megan Heintz

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West to File Mid-Nuptial Agreement (REPORT)

Trouble in paradise? Hollywood’s favorite power couple, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, are reportedly drafting up a mid-nuptial agreement. Why? Because Kanye’s finances are a disaster, and Kimmie wants protection.

An insider told Radar Online, “He’s making all kinds of deals right now that are very high stakes, and Kim’s nervous.” Although the pair already has an arrangement in place — which protects Kim from going down with him if he screws up — she “wants everything looked over with a fine-tooth comb, especially as her kids are so involved and potentially impacted at this point.” The insider added, “Kim’s worried sick about Kanye’s current situation, which has incurred millions in legal fees already and is only getting more expensive and complicated. She wants to protect herself, and for all her faults nobody could blame her.”

MUSE SEE: Kylie Jenner Is Reportedly Pregnant With Boyfriend Travis Scott’s Baby — and Is Due in January!

MORE: Kylie Jenner Helped Cut Khloé Kardashian’s Hair and It Actually Looks Amazing

Previously, In Touch reported that the rapper, 40, is in the middle of a nasty lawsuit with his insurance company — who refuses to cover damages that are the result of his canceled Saint Pablo Tour. A source told us exclusively, “This whole lawsuit can blow up in Kanye’s face because if this goes to trial, then all of his and Kim Kardashian’s secrets will come out,” a family insider said. “Kanye has opened a can of worms by launching this lawsuit. What comes out could be devastating to Kanye, his marriage to Kim, and the Kardashian family.”

Meanwhile, the hot couple is also reportedly expecting their third child together via surrogate — and seeking the help of a therapist to prepare. A separate insider previously told Radar, “They’ve got a long way to go, but they want to have their marriage rock solid by the time their new baby arrives.” They added, “They’ve just never been the same since Kanye’s breakdown and it’s taken a lot of work to get them to this point. They’re doing couple’s therapy and making a big effort to reconnect.” Yikes — here’s to hoping the two can work things out. #Kimye4lyfe.

