www.firstpost.com/entertainment/jennifer-aniston-doesnt-need-your-consolation-advice-or-brad-pitt-to-validate-her-existence-4354289.html



Jennifer Aniston doesn't need your consolation, advice or Brad Pitt to validate her existence- Entertainment News, Firstpost

Jennifer Aniston doesn't need your consolation, advice or Brad Pitt to validate her existence

"I just want Jen to be happy *bursts into tears*"

"But she's Rachael!! She has to find love!!"

"I keep wondering when that girl will find love"

"If Jennifer Aniston can't find love, what chance do the rest of us have at happiness!"

As a journalist covering films and entertainment, these are first few thoughts I chanced upon/overheard about the world's highest paid Girl Next Door, Jennifer Aniston. News of her divorce with (now-ex) husband Justin Theroux made headlines on 16 February, and it's all anyone can talk/opine about.

As is common with news of this nature (by which I mean one that dominates pop culture), what followed next were memes about Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston now being single (hey, have we forgotten Angie is single too?).

Brad Pitt about to drive by Jennifer's house like...#JenniferAniston pic.twitter.com/TRNL9LQaq7 — Jackie (@Jackieannroth) February 15, 2018

tell jennifer aniston i’m single — aidan (@aidan) February 16, 2018

Jennifer Aniston: single ✔️

Brad Pitt: single ✔️ pic.twitter.com/glMAiNSQXz — coloradainútil (@soyluluuu) February 16, 2018

Somewhere, Jennifer Aniston is crafting her "Hey, let's grab coffee and catch up" text to Brad Pitt. https://t.co/pXLGo7O4Mp — Madeline Hill (@mad_hill) February 15, 2018

If Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston reunite. This will be me... pic.twitter.com/JflsgV9K9u — Nina Diana (@ninadonline) February 15, 2018

Brad Pitt turning up at Jennifer Aniston's place like pic.twitter.com/u4uGJ57NoO — Daniel (@Daniel_Reilly1) February 15, 2018

Me: *reading about Jennifer Aniston & Justin Theroux split* awww that sucks

Also me: planning Jennifer Aniston & Brad Pitt's second wedding — Ally Reid (@ashallann) February 16, 2018

My reaction to Jennifer Aniston separation news😭but realized both her and Brad Pitt are single😊 pic.twitter.com/RJj9UWxgxg — Hani Lee (@HaniLee1) February 15, 2018

Now who doesn't like a bunch of funny memes? But humour notwithstanding, there are several issues with our response to Aniston's breakup.

First of all, it's a break up. Need I remind any of you what it feels like to end ties with someone who was your partner for over five years (married for 2, together for 7)? It feels like the pits. The last thing you want to do is scroll through twitter and find your face attached to way too many memes about getting back together with a man that left you for another woman. Pretty sure Jennifer, right now, is thinking "thanks but no thanks".

We are so obssessed with happy-endings and romance that practicality, self-happiness seem to matter very little.

Has it occurred to noone that maybe, just maybe, Jennifer Aniston wants to be alone? That after a whirlwind of two marriages and much heartbreak, maybe it would better for her to be by herself? Would that be too bad? Why is it so hard for us to imagine Jennifer Aniston being alone? Or single? Does being single automatically mean someone is not happy?

Remember, the statement that those two gave out with the news of their divorce was this: "This decision was mutual and lovingly made at the end of last year. We are two best friends who have decided to part ways as a couple, but look forward to continuing our cherished friendship."

Doesn't sound any bit the heartbreak to me. If anything, Jennifer Aniston is probably happier being by herself and away from the world's baggage involving her love life. Besides, I'd like to see people trying so hard to couple up the single male actors in Hollywood.

Suggesting that Jennifer Aniston can only be happy if she's with a man, married or in a relationship is not only a perfect example of everyday sexism, it is also shortsighted.

Besides, in my humble opinion, Aniston is way beyond Brad Pitt's league. If she *had* to get together with someone in the near future, I sincerely hope it is with someone new.

Leo DiCaprio, single at 43: wow, LAD what a legend. Jennifer Aniston, single at 49: what’s wrong with her? Why can’t she find love? Why can’t she hang on to a man?#everydaysexism — Kelly Jackson (@Kelly_Jackson88) February 16, 2018

It’s so insulting to Jennifer Aniston that anyone would suggest she’ll get back with Brad Pitt now she’s single. I really hope she doesn’t! — Serena Marchetta (@SerenaEvelyn) February 16, 2018

Find latest and upcoming tech gadgets online on Tech2 Gadgets. Get technology news, gadgets reviews & ratings. Popular gadgets including laptop, tablet and mobile specifications, features, prices, comparison.

Updated Date: Feb 16, 2018 17:17:54 IST

