radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/06/kanye-west-crush-candace-owens-kim-kardashian-upset/

Radar Staff, June

Kanye West 'Touchy Feely' With Candace Owens At Listening Party — And Kim Was There!

Kanye West 'Touchy Feely' With Candace Owens At Listening Party — And Kim Was There!

Kanye West 'Touchy Feely' With Candace Owens At Listening Party — And Kim Was There!

Kanye West 'Touchy Feely' With Candace Owens At Listening Party — And Kim Was There! Rapper and pro-Trump commentator 'looked more than friends,' claims source.

While everyone was listening, he was flirting!

Kanye West threw a party and invited everybody who was somebody to listen to his new “Ye” album in Jackson Hole, Wyoming last week. And despite wifey Kim Kardashian being in attendance, Kanye’s attention was on a different woman, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.

Insider claim Kanye, 40, has a thing for Trump supporter and conservative activist Candace Owens. The “New Slaves” rapper boldly professed how much he loves the way she thinks in a Twitter post on Apr. 21 and at his listening party, which he invited her to, his actions showed he loved much more her intelligence.

I love the way Candace Owens thinks — ye (@kanyewest) April 21, 2018

“They were touchy feeling and it looked like they’re more than friends,” an onlooker told Radar of their interaction. “‘Ye was showing Candace off to everybody, introducing her as his best friend.

“He complemented her on her beauty and brains, telling people she could be our first female president,” the source claimed. “They were flirting, laughing and smiling in each other’s face. They had crazy chemistry.”

The source indicated that Kim, 37, was oblivious to her husband swooning over Candace and thinks the reality television star should pay closer attention.

“When ‘Ye wasn’t with her, he was with Candace,” the source added. “If Kim knew what’s best, she’d keep Kanye away from Candace.”

As Radar previously reported exclusively, there’s some serious tension between the A-List couple. Kanye’s erratic behavior as of late is driving Kim insane.

“Kim thinks that divorce may be her only option to save herself and her children right now,” another source told Radar. “She’s been having a breakdown herself over all of this, and has been crying to her mom and her sisters all week long!”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

