radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/06/britney-spears-meltdown-kevin-federline-sam-asghari/

Radar Staff, June

Britney Spears On Verge Of Another Meltdown After Battles With Kevin Federline And Sam Asghari

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

One More Time? Britney's Family 'Desperately Worried' She'll Have Another Meltdown

One More Time? Britney's Family 'Desperately Worried' She'll Have Another Meltdown

One More Time? Britney's Family 'Desperately Worried' She'll Have Another Meltdown Spears locked in litigation with K-Fed and begging Sam Asghari to propose.

Britney Spears has more than a brutal custody fight with her ex, Kevin Federline, to blame for her recent mood swings, RadarOnline.com has learned.

According to an insider, Spears is “desperate” for Sam Asghari, to propose, “but he’s dragging his feet and stalling.”

As Radar reported, Spears, 36, immediately turned her attention to tying the knot with her 23-year-old boy toy, Asghari, after she recently wrapped her Las Vegas residency.

The reason? Spears wants to start a family as soon as possible with the dancer.

“All she can talk about right now is having a baby,” a source told Radar. “She wants a girl so bad and she’s madly in love with Sam.”

Unfortunately for Spears, the family fairy tale seems to be on hold until Asghari’s cold feet have time to warm up.

In the meantime, Spears is also dealing with the stress from her ongoing feud with Federline, who is asking for more money in spousal and child support for himself and their two young sons, Sean and Jayden.

“She’s freaking out over this court deposition and doesn’t see an end in sight to all the ugliness with Kevin,” noted the source.

As a result, those close to the pop star worry her issues could be approaching a breaking point not seen since Spears’ “shave her head” meltdown fiasco over 11 years ago.

“There are still some major demons that Britney has to fight on a daily basis, and her workload never lets up,” the insider noted. “She feels the weight of the world on her shoulders right now, and her family’s desperately worried about her.”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

Get the exclusive celebrity scoop on all the stars you love before any of your friends by subscribing to our new podcast Straight Shuter below!



