www.dailystar.co.uk/news/latest-news/674848/Meghan-Markle-Prince-Harry-Caribbean-Princess-Diana-Nevis-Windsor-royal-wedding-honeymoon

Joy Basu, Image, Getty, Paul J Richards

Harry and Meghan honeymoon REVEALED: Romantic island 'confident' Royal couple coming

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: GETTY)

As royal fans wonder who the Suits star will choose as her bridesmaids, and what designer she will wear on her big day, one little island is “quietly confident” Harry will pick them.

The couple are will marry in Windsor this May and the small and luxurious island of Nevis in the Caribbean said it is oping the newlyweds will pick them.

The prince has already enjoyed two trips to the island, once on a private holiday with his mother in 1993, and again as part of his Caribbean tour in 2016.

Diana and Harry stayed at the Montpelier Plantation and Beach, a historic former sugar plantation on the Montpelier Estate.

(Image: PAUL J RICHARDS / Getty)

When Harry returned to Nevis in 2016, he made a trip to the aptly named Lovers Beach, known as one of the most romantic destinations in the world.

Speaking about his hopes for a royal honeymoon visit, CEO of the Nevis Tourism Authority Greg Phillip said: “As it is one of the most romantic islands in the world, we are quietly confident that Nevis’ guaranteed privacy will attract the royal newlyweds.”

Privacy will be a top priority for the honeymooning couple, who have become one of the most photographed couples on the planet.

And as it is one of the more secluded islands, Nevis would offer the privacy the couple crave, as well as the chance to explore acres of rainforest.

There is even a volcano – Nevis Peak – for some honeymoon photos.

While the location of Harry and Meghan’s honeymoon is not yet confirmed, there have been rumours regarding Harry’s stag do – which is sure to be a raucous affair.

It is believed a spot has been decided on: a luxury ski resort in Verbier, Switzerland.

Harry will most likely celebrate there alongside brother Prince William and friends.

Harry’s uncle Prince Andrew is said to have offered up his £13 million chalet at the spot for the stag party.

