www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5210509/Kim-Kardashian-shares-family-Christmas-card.html

Lizzie Smith For Dailymail.Com

Kim Kardashian shares family Christmas card

It's a Christmas tradition.

No, not freezing in line to meet a grumpy department store Santa, forgetting to move the elf, or neglecting to water the tree - the annual unveiling of the Kardashian Christmas card.

And showing their always astute marketing judgement, this year's unveiling has taken an entire month.

Happy Kardashian Kristmas eve! Kim shares family picture... but fans are left wondering 'where's Kylie?'

Starting on December 1, the Kardashians have been sharing a new picture from their card every single day.

Many were close up shots of individual family members, often curiously cropped.

But on Sunday, Christmas Eve, came the most complete picture yet - with 12 family members lining up for the shot.

Father and son: Christmas celebrates the birth of Jesus, but this card is all about Yeesus

Shared by Kim Kardashian, her sister Kourtney and Kris Jenner to their Twitter accounts, mother and daughters used the simple caption 'DAY 24 - CHRISTMAS EVE'.

Featuring Kendall Jenner doing her best catwalk glare, a seated smiling grandma MJ, a host of adorable kids and a whole lot of denim, the card brought back memories of the Kardashian cards of Christmas past.

However one thing was missing, as fans were quick to point out - Kylie Jenner.

Curious cropping: MJ is the star is Day 20's card - which as Kim explained was not a teaser

With just one day left of the cards, anxious Kardashian lovers took to social media to wonder where Kim's 'pregnant' little sister was.

Many had initially thought the cards were outtakes, with the big reveal expected for December 25.

Some had speculated this would be a picture of Khloe and Kylie showing their bumps, or perhaps even Kim's new baby - which is due via surrogate imminently.

Family values: The Wests cosy up together

But after Kim clarified that 'These aren’t teasers these are the cards', her followers expressed their shock that Kylie had yet to make an entrance.

Twitter user Miss.Elmi expressed the horror of many when she wrote: 'Wait what? There’s no big surprise at the end?'

xtinaray reminded Kim: 'But you know who we all dying to see though...?'

Oh baby: Like Kylie, publicity-shy brother Rob has also been absent from the cards, but his daughter Dream has instead made an appearance

Kylie clamour: Fans were hoping the 'pregnant' Kardashian little sister would appear

Jasmin Moon saw the positive side of things, writing: 'Wait Kim this is Genious so this whole time everyone thought it was going to be this huge collage and in reality the photos were its own individual card? lol Love it.'

But others were just bemused, with Samantha Saylor complaining: 'Well that was a waste of time and money. Its not even creative..just messy!'

