www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-1148506/Basic-Instinct-stars-Michael-Douglas-Sharon-Stone-reunite-time-years-theyve-barely-aged-day.html

Daily Mail Reporter

Basic Instinct stars Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone reunite for the first time in years (and they've barely aged a day)

Basic Instinct stars Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone reunite for the first time in years (and they've barely aged a day)



Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone reunited at a glitzy LA awards ceremony yesterday more than 17 years after they steamed up screens in Basic Instinct.



The actress presented her former co-star with an honorary award at the 11th annual Costume Designers Guild Awards held at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel.



It was a rare get-together for the pair, who have been photographed by each other's side only twice since the 1992 sexual thriller became a blockbuster sensation.



And while Stone turned 50 last year and Douglas is approaching his 65th birthday, it's clear both have managed to hold back the years.



Rolling back the years: Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone at the 11th annual Costume Designers Guild Awards held at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel

Of course, Douglas has spent a fortune on plastic surgery, having the first facelift he will admit to for his wedding to Catherine Zeta Jones nine years ago.

However, Stone has maintained she is a 'natural beauty' and in 2004 launched legal action after a Beverly Hills doctor allegedly told a US magazine that he performed cosmetic surgery on her face.

She certainly looked as youthful - and glamorous - as ever last night in a mauve halter-neck dress that showed off her famous figure in all its glory.

Rare reunion: The pair have been photographed together only a handful of times since the 1992 hit



Chemistry: The pair in Basic Instinct

Stone, who has three adopted sons, reprised her role as ice-pick wielding novelist Catherine Trammell for Basic Instinct 2 three years ago.

However, Douglas, who played detective Nick Curran in the original movie, turned down the offer amid whispers he considered himself too old for the part.

Relative unknown British actor David Morrissey took his place instead.



It was in hindsight, a wise career move - the sequel bombed at the box office and was widely panned by critics.



The film even won four Razzies at an awards ceremony that honours the worst of Hollywood, including worst picture and worst actress for Stone.

The original movie, in which Stone's character is a bisexual writer who may or may not be involved in a frenzied murder, was famed for its scene where Trammell uncrosses her legs during an interview with Douglas' detective, revealing she is wearing no lingerie.



Mutual admiration: Stone presented her former co-star with the Swarovski President's award









