www.hellomagazine.com/celebrities/2016061831972/tyga-and-kylie-jenner-back-together-rapper-hints-possible-future-reconciliation/



Will Tyga and Kylie Jenner get back together? Rapper hints at possible future reconciliation

Tyga has opened up about his break up with Kylie Jenner, claiming that he is "enjoying life" after becoming single.

The father-of-one parted ways from the 18-year-old in May, with a source telling E! News that the split was "a long time coming." During a radio interview, the 26-year-old chatted about the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star, and opened up about the problems with their high -profile relationship. He said: "I'm single. I'm enjoying life. Being in a very public relationship like that, it's hard for other people to see you differently.

CLICK TO VIEW GALLERY

VIEW GALLERY



Tyga opened up about his relationship with Kylie



"It overshadowed a lot of my talents and a lot of things I worked hard for."

Tyga suggested that the break-up was amicable, saying: "It got to the point where it was like, 'I respect you, you respect me.' I think it's a mutual thing. This is what needs to happen. When something is so damaged or something is just not right, you can't fix it in a moment. The only thing is time."

The rapper also opened up about his ex-girlfriend Blac Chyna, who is now engaged to Kylie's half-brother Rob Kardashian, and the couple are expecting their first child together.

VIEW GALLERY



Tyga hinted that he might like to get back together with the reality show star in the future

Tyga, who shares a three-year-old son with Chyna, said: "People gotta let her move on. It's not my life anymore. When you're not with that person, whatever that person does after you—that's their life and that's their decision. That's their bed they gotta lay in."

At the time, a source told E! News that the Kardashian family are "happy for Rob" after the couple revealed that they were expecting a baby. The insider said: "They do know the sex of the baby and will reveal it soon enough. Rob and Chyna will be getting one of the rooms in his house all ready for the baby. Chyna told King about his new sibling on the way. Tyga knows and gave Chyna and Rob healthy blessings. It's a happy time for the family."

