radaronline.com/photos/brad-pitt-plastic-surgery-photos-angelina-jolie-divorce-revenge-facelift-doctors-say/

Radar Staff, December

Revenge Facelift! Brad Pitt Has 'Fillers, Botox & Peels' In Wake Of Bitter Divorce

brad-pitt-plastic-surgery-angelina-jolie-divorce-pp1 Brad Pitt is putting on a brave — AND BRAND NEW — face as his career crumbles and his kids are being held hostage by Angelina Jolie! Click through Radar’s gallery to see the shocking changes to the Hollywood star’s million-dollar face.

Brad Pitt is red carpet ready at the ‘Allied’ LA Fan Event Pitt is determined to hang onto his sexy image with a little help! Pitt has been undergoing what seems like every cosmetic procedure under the sun in a bold bid to better his mood in the face of Angelina’s relentless onslaught , sources close to the A-lister told Radar in a bombshell world exclusive.

“Allied” Film Premiere in London “He’s done fillers, Botox and peels , plus had his eyes tweaked,” an insider exclusively told Radar. “He feels like death inside, but he’ll be damned if he’ll look like anything but a million bucks on the outside!”

Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard attend the Allied premiere at Callao Theater in Madrid, Spain The 52-year-old actor has been laying low since Jolie shocked him with divorce papers in September, taking sole custody of their six kids.Once his new World War II film Allied tanked, the former big-screen stud decided to take his fate — and his face — into his own hands.

Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard attend the Allied premiere at Callao Theater in Madrid, Spain A medical expert told Radar it appeared that the “Spy Games” star went under the knife . “The scars alongside his ear are the telltale signs of a facelift,” said Dr. Lyle Back, who has not treated Pitt.

WSJ. Magazine 2015 Innovator Awards “It’s pretty unusual for a guy in his 50s to have such a defined jaw line without one,” Dr. Back said.



Angelina Jolie and husband Brad Pitt attend the opening night gala premiere of Universal Pictures’ ‘By the Sea’ Dr. Robert Rey of “Dr. 90210” fame, who has not treated Pitt, assessed the changes on his face . “Brad Pitt looks significantly younger! It does appear his more youthful look can be possibly attributed to fillers and/or Botox, as well as laser resurfacing or chemical peels,” he told Radar.

