www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5524665/Blake-Shelton-reveals-missed-having-kids-own.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Blake Shelton reveals that he 'missed out' on having kids of his own

He's a country crooner and a long-time judge on NBC's The Voice.

But on Tuesday, Blake Shelton admitted on The Today Show just how much he's 'missed out' on since welcoming Gwen Stefani's sons into his life.

The 'God Gave Me You' hitmaker realized that he absolutely adores spending time with the No Doubt lead singer's three sons Kingston, 11, Zuma, nine, and Apollo, four - who Gwen shares with her ex-husband Gavin Rossdale.

Family man: Blake Shelton revealed on The Today Show on Tuesday that he feels he 'missed out' on kids after being around Gwen Stefani's three sons

'I missed out on a lot': The country singer adores spending time with Kingston, 11, Zuma, nine, and Apollo, four - who Gwen shares with her ex-husband Gavin Rossdale

And while the musician loves being around Gwen's kids, it's made him realize what he forfeited by never having children of his own.

He told The Today Show: 'At this point in my life, I kind of had put [having kids] as like, "Well, that wasn't meant to be." Then all of a sudden it happens one way or another and it's like, "Wow, I missed out on a lot."

The country singer continued: 'Having them around.. I don't even know how to describe it. It's so much fun.'

'It's so much fun': The Voice judge admits that it was 'awkward' getting to know her children at first but he is 'in love' with them

The Voice judge had previously revealed that he is 'in love' with the blonde beauty's three kids, but admits it was 'awkward' getting to know them at first.

He shared: 'For a long time, it was awkward trying to figure out what my place is and in their mind too. The best part for me, selfishly, is discovering a part of myself that I guess I never really knew was in there.'

And for the 41-year-old country star, taking care of the bunch came naturally.

'They're special': The musician (pictured with Gwen and her three sons at Disneyland in October 2016) said his paternal instincts came naturally

'It's definitely an instinct that kind of kicks in. There's days where you go, "Oh my God, when does school start?" An hour later you're going, "God, I can't wait 'til they get home," said Blake. 'They're so damn funny.'

The reigning Sexiest Man Alive seems to be enjoying his new paternal role.

'It's just my first time around it, and it's easy to fall in love with those kids,' said Blake. 'They're special.'

New music: The reigning Sexiest Man Alive stopped by The Today Show to promote his newest album, Texoma Shore

The singer stopped by The Today Show to promote his newest album, Texoma Shore.

Fans were lined up to see the musician as he arrived to the NYC set wearing a large green jacket with camouflage print over a denim button-up shirt.

Ever the country man, he topped his attire off with blue jeans and brown cowboy boots.

Special visit: The hitmaker braved his fans, who were lined up outside The Today Show set on the chilly NYC morning

Gwen and Blake, who met on the set of The Voice, have been dating since November 2015.

The relationship came a few months after Blake and ex-wife Miranda Lambert filed for divorce and just three months after Gwen announced her split from rocker Gavin Rossdale.

The two have since grown inseparable. A source told ET, 'They are on cloud nine for each other. They are perfect for each other. They know they have found their true soul mate.'

