www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4946594/Kim-Cattrall-Sex-City-stars-toxic.html

Chris Spargo For Dailymail.Com

Kim Cattrall says Sex and the City stars are toxic

Kim Cattrall has given just a handful of sit-down interviews in the two decades since 'Sex and the City' first premiered on HBO, with the actress having long been fiercely protective of her private and professional relationships.

That all changed on Monday night however, when Cattrall took a seat opposite Piers Morgan for a taping of the ITV series 'Life Stories.'

The 61-year-old actress was appearing on the program just days after multiple sources told DailyMailTV that he outrageous demands had led to Warner Bros. cancelling plans for a third 'Sex and the City' film, a claim she flat out denied.

Cattrall then used the interview to open up about Sarah Jessica Parker, Cynthia Nixon and Kristen Davis for the first time, call her relationship with the women 'toxic.'

And in a move that would no doubt leave her publicist character Samantha Jones reeling, Cattrall went on to say that the only thing she ever had in common with her on-screen pals was the fact that they all starred in the critically-acclaimed and publicly-adored series.

Scroll down for video

Story time: Kim Cattrall sat down with Piers Morgan (above) for an interview on Monday night that will air on the ITV series 'Life Stories'

Too high, can't come down: Cattrall said her relationship with the three women she co-starred with on 'Sex and the City' was 'toxic' (l to r: Sarah Jessica Parker, Cynthia Nixon and Kristin Davis in 2010)

Losin' my head: 'The common ground that we had was the series and the series is over,' said Cattrall (Parker and Davis in 2015 on left, Nixon and Parker in 2017 on right)

Spinnin' round and round: Davis shared a snap of herself and Nixon last month in front of a 'Sex and the City' sketch (above)

Cattrall told Morgan on Monday that having a relationship with the other women was difficult on account of the fact she leads a very different life and has different priorities than her co-stars.

'They all have children and I am ten years older and since specifically the series ended I have been spending most of my time outside of New York so I don't see them,' said Cattrall.

'The common ground that we had was the series and the series is over.'

Cattrall went on to note: 'I've moved on, this is what my sixties are about, they're about me making decisions for me not my career, for me. And that feels frickin fantastic.'

She quickly added: 'But everything comes to an end and in closing one door another door opens and that door has been waiting for a long time.'

Parker is 52 and has been married to actor Matthew Broderick for 20 years, with whom she has three children: teenager son James and twin daughters Marion and Tabitha, 8, who were born via surrogate.

Nixon is 51 and has been married to wife Christine Marinoni for five years.

The education activist gave birth to the couple's son Max in 2011, and Nixon has a son Charles,14, and daughter Samantha, 21, from her previous relationship with partner Danny Mozes.

Davis is 52 and in 2011 adopted her daughter Gemma. She ad Cattrall are both single, though Davis has never before been married while her older co-star has twice walked down the aisle.

Chain gang: Parker is 52 and has been married to actor Matthew Broderick for 20 years, with whom she has three children: teenager son James and twin daughters Marion and Tabitha, 8 (above in April)

Modern family: Nixon is 51 and has been married to wife Christine Marinoni for five years (couple above in 2008)

Family matters: Davis is 52 and in 2011 adopted her daughter Gemma (above in May)

Cattrall told Morgan that she had no idea when she last spoke to her co-stars, and that no one was reaching out when the reports began circulating about her holding up the film.

'And that's another thing that's really disappointing is that nobody ever picks up the phone and tries to contact you and say, 'how you doing?' That would have been the way to handle it,' said Cattrall.

'And usually what happens in a healthy relationship is that someone, or a transaction for a job in my business, is that someone says, 'are you available?' and you say 'yes' and here's the job and you say 'yes but thank you very much but I'm sort of over here right now but thank you very much' and that person turns to you and they say 'that's great, good luck to you, I wish you the best.' '

Cattrall then noted: 'That's not what happened here, this is, it feels like a toxic relationship.'

Over it: 'This is, it feels like a toxic relationship,' said Cattrall (above in May)

She also said that she would not rule out a reconciliation with Parker.

'There is genuine affection and there has been over the years,' said Cattrall.

'This is extenuating circumstances and in the past I've felt, wow, especially with the fans I don't want to in any shape or form ruin an ideal of it, because it does stand for empowerment and it does stand for women sticking up for each other, but not always.'

Cattrall did confirm to Morgan though that Samantha Jones would never again be back on screen.

'Me playing her, that I can assure you will never happen. For me it's over, it's over with no regrets, I just wish that Sarah had been nicer,' said Cattrall.

'I'm at a point in my life where I am making decisions that make me happy and going backwards in life doesn't make me happy. Going forward that's how I feel, I'm on the front foot not my backfoot.'

Cattrall also scoffed at the notion that she was ever close to signing on to the film, telling Morgan that she declined an offer to return as sex-positive publicist Samantha Jones.

'The answer was always no and a respectful, firm, no,' said Cattrall.

She then addressed some of the specific allegations reported by DailyMailTV claiming: 'I never asked for any money, I never asked for any projects, to be thought of as some kind of diva is absolutely ridiculous.'

Firing back: 'That's another thing that's really disappointing is that nobody ever picks up the phone and tries to contact you and say, "how you doing?"' said Cattrall (Davis, Parker and Nixon above in 2002)

Adios: 'I'm at a point in my life where I am making decisions that make me happy and going backwards in life doesn't make me happy,' said Cattrall (her costars on left in 2004 and right in 2010)

Heading to the bank: The women have certainly been valuable players to the studio. The first 'Sex and the City' film was made for $65 million and grossed $415 million worldwide while the sequel (above) brought in $300 million on a $100 million budget

The exact demands that Cattrall made were not revealed by sources, but she has certainly been a valuable player to the studio.

The first 'Sex and the City' film was made for $65 million and grossed $415 million worldwide while the sequel brought in $300 million on a $100 million budget.

Both of those films were two of the biggest profit generators for the studio that year.

Cattrall also spoke about her perceived reputation as a diva, an allegation that has circled her for years despite the fact that she avoids the limelight.

'The inference is from some unknown source, the inference is, is that I am a diva, that I've held up production in some way that, 'oh now we don't get to make our movie because of you,'' said Cattrall.

'I want them to make the movie, if that's what they want to do. It's a great part. I played it past the finish line and then some and I loved it and another actress should play it, maybe they could make it an African American Samantha Jones or a Hispanic Samantha Jones?'

Cattrall then offered up more ideas for a third installment.

'Or bring in another character. It can be another character. This is what I really believe that this franchise needs another point of view and this could be it,' said Cattrall.

'I don't feel like a victim, I feel like I came out of this on top. This has given me a fantastic platform. Sarah Jessica, she could have been nicer, she could have in some way. I don't know what her issue is, I never have.'

