hollywoodlife.com/2017/05/12/harry-styles-new-music-album-solo/

Alyssa Norwin, Senior Editor

Harry Styles: Why He Rules As HollywoodLife’s Star Of The Week

The choice for HollywoodLife.com’s Star of the Week this week is pretty obvious — who else could it be besides Harry Styles?! With new music, appearances and more, Harry was everywhere. Here’s why we picked him!

Harry Styles, 23, is having what’s sure to be one of the best weeks of his life…and HollywoodLife.com is naming him our Star of the Week because of it. The first reason, of course, is because of the release of his very first solo album, Harry Styles. Just a month and a half after he announced he’d be putting out solo music, Harry dropped his debut record, and it immediately soared to the top of the charts. Fans are going completely crazy over the album’s ten songs, and we couldn’t be prouder of the 23-year-old!

Aside from putting out a record, Harry also started doing solo public appearances to promote the music. Fans started lining up for his Today Show concert almost TWO full days in advance, and the crowd went on for SIX New York City blocks when he took the stage on May 9. Harry looked hotter than ever while performing “Sign of the Times,” “Carolina” and “Ever Since New York” for the crowd, and he totally proved he can own that stage, even without his One Direction band mates.

Obviously, it’s been a totally hectic few days for Harry — he was in New York for the first half of the week, then jetted back to London for the album release. Still, he’s made sure to stop and spend time with his fans, posing for selfies and chatting with his loyal supporters. He even sweetly sent pizza out to those waiting in the Today show line all night long. How cute is that?!

Things aren’t slowing down for Harry any time soon, either. He’ll be promoting his music for the next few weeks, and then his first movie, Dunkirk, is set to hit theaters on July 21. After the press run for that is over, he’ll have to start prepping for his tour in the fall. That tour, by the way, sold out in SECONDS when the tickets went on sale last week. GO HARRY GO!

[interaction id=”5915b588f5b27d4e18d6cb92″]

HollywoodLifers, do you think Harry is a good pick for Star of the Week?! What’s your fave thing he did this week?

