www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/selena-gomez-dog-the-weeknd-148366

Life, Style Magazine

Selena Gomez and The Weeknd Fighting Over Custody of Their Dog

The heart wants what it wants — and Selena Gomez‘s heart just wants her puppy back! It’s been almost two months since she split from her ex-boyfriend The Weeknd (real name: Abel Tesfaye) and even though they’ve both moved on, there’s one major thing that the former couple is still fighting about — the dog that they adopted while they were still together! Sources exclusively reveal to Life & Style that Sel thinks she should keep their Cavalier King Charles Spaniel pup, Charlie, “and so does Abel.”

“Selena is angry,” says the source, “because she feels like it was more of a gift from Abel to her than a mutually adopted pet, so she’s determined to keep it.”

Selena Gomez gave her dog Charlie a kiss while on set of her untitled film project. (Photo Credit: Getty Images)

Back in September — just one month before their split — Selena, 25, and Abel, 27, were spotted together at an NYC pet shop and they seemed to have picked out the puppy together. It also seemed like they shared custody of the pup even though Selena is the only one who had been spotted with Charlie in public. But it seems like Abel has grown attached to Charlie too, and he shared photos of the adorable dog on his Instagram story before their split.

Selena got Charlie just days after she announced that she had spent the summer recovering from a kidney transplant as a result of her battle with lupus, so it seems like Charlie helped her get through that health scare. But now that she’s feeling better, Sel is getting back to work on an untitled project with controversial filmmaker Woody Allen and that’s why Abel thinks he should be the one to have custody of Charlie.

“He thinks Selena won’t be able to take care of Charlie as well as he will because of her schedule,” the source says, adding that Selena isn’t listening — and she won’t give up Charlie without a fight. “She is in love with her puppy.”

For more on your favorite celebrities, pick up the new issue of Life & Style on stands now!

