www.intouchweekly.com/posts/caitlyn-jenner-girlfriend-sophia-hutchins-145848

In Touch Staff

Caitlyn Jenner's Rumored Girlfriend Sophia Hutchins Is 21 and Hot AF

Okurr! Caitlyn Jenner is reportedly dating a 21-year-old college student and model named Sophia Hutchins. Cait brought the beauty as her date to the GLAAD Awards on April 12, but their alleged romance goes back to last year. According to Radar Online, the I Am Cait alum, 68, whisked her new blonde partner away to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, in 2017 for a romantic vacation. Despite their drastic age difference — Sophia is the same age as Caitlyn’s daughter Kendall Jenner! — the two looked happier than ever when they touched back down in the U.S. on Monday, Oct. 30. The proof of a relationship has been growing ever since.

It is now being reported that Caitlyn is ready to tie the knot with the blonde beauty. “They consider each other soulmates and freely admit they couldn’t imagine a life with anyone else at this point,” a source told Radar. However, don’t expect the Kardashians, especially her daughters Kendall and Kylie Jenner, to be in attendance. “They’ve heard from friends that Caitlyn’s dating Sophia, and it upsets them like you wouldn’t believe,” another source told Life & Style. “She’s their age! They feel a mix of jealousy and distrust about it.”

In her memoir, The Secrets of My Life — which was released last year— the transgender rights advocate opened up about her future dating prospects after announcing her transition in 2015. “A future female companion? I think about that. A future female sexual companion? Not happening, at least for now, and perhaps not ever,” she wrote in her tome before she had gender reassignment surgery. “A future male sexual companion? I have never had the inclination. But maybe that attitude might possibly change if I have the Final Surgery.”

Months later, it seems as though the former Olympian (who was linked to gal pal Candis Cayne in 2016, one year after divorcing Kris Jenner) may have finally found her perfect life partner. So, who is Sophia Hutchins? In Touch has rounded up everything you need to know about Caitlyn’s much younger rumored love.

Sophia is transgender also.

Sophia, who attends Pepperdine University near Caitlyn’s home in Malibu, CA, revealed her decision to transition to her school newspaper in 2016. According to Radar, Sophia even mentioned that Caitlyn inspired her to publicly address her gender identity.

Sophia was formerly known as Scott.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BhjlUjnFCqR/

Radar reports that Sophia’s birth name is Scott. In her 2016 profile for Pepperdine’s newspaper, she explained how moving away to college helped her discover her authentic self. “I’ve always had the question of, ‘Do I want to transition from male to female?’ I never thought a lot about doing it until I got into college because I was able to break away from my family and started to establish my own identity,” she explained. “College gave me the time to deal with a lot of issues that had always been there.”

Sophia Hutchins’ Instagram is proof she’s model material.

Sophia, clad in nothing but tiny green underwear and a matching sports bra, posed for some sexy photos in Caitlyn’s kitchen in September. Photographer Robert C. Bliss shared a behind-the-scenes pic from their shoot on Instagram. “Breakfast?” he jokingly captioned the sizzling snap of Sophia.

Sophia’s selfie game is on fire.

Just like Caitlyn’s social media-loving daughters, Kendall and Kylie Jenner, Sophia is a pro when it comes to taking a thot-tastic mirror selfie. “Skipped working out this morning so I’ll share a selfie instead,” the fitness enthusiast captioned a hot AF selfie on Oct. 11. “Good morning ☀️ ? #adidas #calvinklein”

Sophia’s got beauty — and brains.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BX_YTIejBPQ/

According to her Instagram page, Sophia is studying finance at Pepperdine — so, obvi, homegirl is just as smart as she is stunning. Looks like Caitlyn’s found herself quite the catch!

She spends A LOT of time at Cait’s house.

While we haven’t seen much of Sophia on Cait’s Instagram, Sophia can constantly be seen hanging out at Cait’s house, snapping pics in her bed, and hanging out with her beloved yellow lab Bertha, and refers to the pooch as “her baby.” She’s at the Malibu crib so often that it almost seems like she’s moved in with Cait, though there’s been no official announcement.

