celebrityinsider.org/brad-pitt-is-heading-to-court-next-month-for-custody-agreement-with-angelina-jolie-108447/

Mel Walker

Brad Pitt Is Heading To Court Next Month For Custody Agreement With Angelina Jolie

An end to the custody war between Angelina Jolie and her estranged husband, Brad Pitt, is reportedly near.

A new story that has been published in Life and Style magazine claims that Mr. Pitt and the mother of his children will be in court in February.

The report states that after a bitter fight in the media over Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 11, and twins Vivienne and Knox, 9, the former couple has reached a custody agreement.

The insider, who spoke to the publication, revealed: “Brad and Angelina are near an amicable agreement with the kids. They are now in a better place than they have been in a long time and should be settling their divorce and custody agreement by sometime in February.”

The former couple announced their divorce in late 2016. It was claimed that Jolie pulled the split trigger after Pitt got into an argument with Maddox.

However, a source told Us Weekly that Pitt is an excellent father who is dedicated to his little clan.

The person in the know shared: “like to spend more time with them than he does, when he is with his children, his children, he prefers to keep things very private and safe. He wants to protect the kids as much as possible and not open them up to public scrutiny.”

According to another insider, Pitt disagrees with Jolie on how to raise their children, and it drew them apart.

The family friend had the following to say: “Brad and Angelina have been at war over how to raise and educate their many children. Angelina keeps dragging the kids to red carpets, award shows, and extravagant trips around the world while Brad has been doing the complete opposite. While Angelina treats the children like her best friends and takes them on dates to her award show appearances, Brad has been trying to instill in his children the wholesome, humble, midwest values he grew up learning.”

The individual concluded by: “Every time Brad sees another picture in the press of Angelina and the kids, he quietly fumes while and he doubles his energy to provide the children with a quiet, peaceful, normal life.”

Advertisement

Fans are hoping the pair will work things out away from the media.

