nypost.com/2018/03/12/taylor-swift-dramatically-rips-off-dress-in-controversial-new-music-video/

March

Taylor Swift rips off dress in controversial new music video

Just after winning Female Artist of the Year at the iHeartRadio Music Awards, Taylor Swift dropped a new music video for “Delicate,” a track from her latest album, “Reputation.”

Like much of the album, the song hones in on Swift’s public perception over the past year or so.

The video opens with a vacant-looking Swift on the red carpet, dressed in a flapper-inspired sapphire gown and mobbed by reporters and photographers.

She escapes to her dressing room, where the songstress makes funny faces at herself in the mirror. She’s interrupted by a group of women, and when she turns back to the mirror, she realizes she can’t see her reflection anymore.

This realization sets off a string of impromptu “La La Land”-esque dance moves — some of which are painfully awkward to watch.

About a minute and a half in, things get crazy: The singer whips off the bottom of her gown, revealing a sassy, shorter version of her fringy frock.

The weird dance moves and the dramatic disrobing aren’t even the most buzzed-about bits of the video, though. Critics say Swift’s video is a ripoff of Spike Jonze’s 2016 Kenzo commercial (starring “The Leftovers” actress Margaret Qualley).

“Anybody else notice that the @taylorswift13 ‘Delicate’ music video ripped off Spike Jonze’s Kenzo video? It’s almost beat-for-beat, just with worse dancing,” one whistleblower tweets.

“Taylor Swift’s ‘Delicate’ video is a poor man’s version of Spike Jonze’s ad for Kenzo,” tweets another.

Naturally, Swift’s die-hard fans couldn’t care less about the Kenzo controversy.

“@taylorswift13 dancing in a storm in her best dress because she’s fearless and it doesn’t get better than this in the ‘Delicate’ video is everything,” tweets a loyalist.

Related Video Video length 1 minute 31 seconds 1:31 Taylor Swift keeps a spare room for Karlie Kloss and has an aquarium filled with baseballs Taylor Swift keeps a spare room for Karlie Kloss and has an aquarium filled with baseballs

