www.tampabay.com/blogs/media/2017/12/11/what-to-watch-this-week-new-season-of-the-librarians-gwen-stefanis-christmas-special/

Chelsea Tatham

What to watch this week: New season of ‘The Librarians,’ Gwen Stefani’s Christmas special

Monday

SEASON FINALE: The Gifted, 9 p.m., Fox: The team at Mutant HQ is divided on what to do next after Jace is forced to hand over something valuable to Dr. Campbell.

Disney's Fairytale Weddings: Holiday Magic, 8 p.m., Freeform: A behind-the-scenes look at weddings and engagements in Disney parks around the world during the holiday season.

Tuesday

Greatest Holiday Commercials Countdown, 8 p.m., CW: A countdown of the 12 best holiday commercials of all time from around the world.

Gwen Stefani's You Make it Feel Like Christmas, 9 p.m., NBC: The pop star is joined by her beau Blake Shelton along with Chelsea Handler, Ken Jeong, Seth MacFarlane and Ne-Yo in the special with holiday sketches and songs from her new Christmas album.

SEASON FINALE: Brooklyn Nine-Nine, 9 p.m., Fox: In the fall finale, Rosa asks Jake to help her break some big news to her parents, but her plan is thrown off when they wrongly assume the two are dating.

Wednesday

SEASON PREMIERE: The Librarians, 8 p.m., TNT: The series about a group of research specialists who go on extraordinary adventures and investigate supernatural happenings returns for a fourth season.

SEASON PREMIERE: The Fake News with Ted Nelms, 10 p.m., Comedy Central: Led by Ed Helms as Ted Nelms, the series roasts the way news is delivered by turning the format on its head and filling the segment with insanity and no factual content.

A Christmas Carol, 9 p.m., TNT: Patrick Stewart stars as Scrooge in this 1999 adaptation of the Charles Dickens classic.

Thursday

iHeartRadio Jingle Ball, 8 p.m., CW: The televised music festival has performances by Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran, the Chainsmokers, Fifth Harmony, Camila Cabello and more.

Showtime at the Apollo: Christmas, 8 p.m., Fox: Top musical acts perform Christmas songs, including Snoop Dogg, Fifth Harmony, Boyz II Men and others.

Disney Prep & Landing, 8:30 p.m., ABC: In this animated special, a veteran elf is passed over for a promotion and gets paired with an annoying rookie while a terrible snowstorm makes their jobs more difficult on Christmas Eve.

Taraji's White Hot Holiday, 9 p.m., Fox: Taraji P. Henson returns to host the music and variety special with performances by Chaka Khan, Ciara, Faith Evans, Fergie, Leslie Odom Jr. and more.

Contact Chelsea Tatham at ctatham@tampabay.com. Follow @chelseatatham.

MORE

Reality TV: Tampa realtor stars in not-quite-reality show

History TV: Knightfall will please fans of legendary history and pop culture

Holiday TV: When to watch Rudolph, The Polar Express and more

