www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/kate-middleton-prince-william-fight-baby-no-3-137664

Life, Style Magazine

Kate Middleton and Prince William Fight Over Baby No. 3 (EXCLUSIVE)

The royal family is as prim and proper as can be but they’re not immune to public fights! Sources exclusively reveal to Life & Style that Kate Middleton and Prince William couldn’t help but have it out on July 17 after an event in Warsaw, Poland where Kate made a joke about having baby No. 3!

During her trip, the 35-year-old was gifted with a stuffed animal that was designed for newborns. Since her children — four-year-old Prince George and two-year-old Princess Charlotte — are already too old for the toy, she reportedly told her hubby, “We will just have to have more babies.”

(Photo Credit: Getty Images)

MORE: This New HBO Special on Princess Diana Might Make You Shed a Tear or Two

But William did not think her joke was funny and later that day, they were spotted having a very tense argument because they disagree on expanding their family. “Tension has been simmering for some time,” says a royal insider, “and it came to the surface under the pressure of a royal tour.”

Kate has her heart set on having at least one more baby, because, “Coming from a family of three herself, she thinks it’s the perfect number,” says the insider, but William is not on the same page. “He’s quite happy with a boy and a girl.”

MORE: See New Photos of Prince George in Honor of His Fourth Birthday!

At the moment, George and Charlotte are “are both at ages where they can’t sit still so they run around all over the place,” says a source. And even though the couple can afford nannies to help care for their children, they “are determined to be hands-on parents” which can be an overwhelming experience.

Kate opened up about her own struggles with adjusting to motherhood back in March during a speech she gave in order to raise awareness of mental health issues in mothers. “Personally, becoming a mother has been such a rewarding and wonderful experience,” she said at the time, according to the Huffington Post. “However, at times it has also been a huge challenge, even for me who has support at home that most mothers do not.”

For more updates on the Royal family, pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now!

