www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/5735247/miley-cyrus-liam-hemsworth-married-engaged-split/

Joanne Kavanagh, Maurice Cassidy

Why did Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth split?

MILEY Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have officially called it quits.

Their split stunned fans, with many allegations leading to cheating and drug abuse - two claims which Miley has firmly denied, but what really happened? Here's what we know...

5 Miley and Liam stunned fans after announcing their split Credit: Reuters

What has Miley said about their split?

On August 10, 2019, the couple announced their split, adding that they plan on carrying on as friends and nothing more.

According to an official statement made by Miley's rep, they parted ways to "focus on themselves and careers".

But just days after the shock statement was made by a rep of the former couple, photos of Miley making out with Kaitlynn Jenner surfaced online, leading fans to believe she had cheated on Liam, which ultimately led to their split.

5 Miley set the record straight by voicing her frustration on matters concerning her marriage via Twitter Credit: MileyCyrus/Twitter

The allegations appeared to strike a nerve with the US pop star, who hit back on Twitter, where she said: "I can admit to a lot of things but I refuse to admit that my marriage ended because of cheating.

"Liam and I have been together for a decade. I’ve said it before & it remains true, I love Liam and always will."

5 Credit: MileyCyrus/Twitter

Miley also slammed the criticism she was getting by tweeting: "I can accept that the life I've chosen means I must live completely open and transparent with my fans who I love, and the public, 100% of the time.

"What I cannot accept is being told I'm lying to cover up a crime I haven't committed. I have nothing to hide."

5 Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth met on the set of 2009's The Last Song Credit: The Mega Agency

Why did Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth split?

On August 13, Liam posted on Instagram: "Just a quick note to say that Miley and I have recently separated and I wish her nothing but health and happiness going forward.

"This is a private matter and I have not made, nor will I be making, any comments to any journalists or media outlets.

"Any reported quotes attributed to me are false. Peace and Love."

Miley's rep released a statement saying, “Ever evolving, changing as partners and individuals, they have decided this is what’s best while they both focus on themselves and careers.

"They still remain dedicated parents to all of their animals they share while lovingly taking this time apart.”

How did Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth meet?

Miley Cyrus, 26, had been in a relationship with Australian actor Liam Hemsworth, 28, since 2009.

The former star couple met on the set of their movie The Last Song.

At the time Liam was a virtual unknown, while Miley was a Disney pop princess.

5 Apparently, there had been trouble in paradise months prior to their split Credit: PA:Press Association

Did they call off their wedding?

On July 19, 2018, it was reported that Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth "called off their wedding" as she’s "not ready to have a baby".

According to OK! Australia sources, the ex Hollywood couple clashed over having children - with the Wrecking Ball singer not ready to become a mum.

The source said: "'He wants kids and doesn't want to keep putting it off but it's not quite the timeline Miley had in mind. He is left heartbroken.

"Miley put off plans for the wedding and Liam was growing tired of it. They haven't been getting along in recent months."

Later that day, however, Liam added a video of the pair to his Instagram story, suggesting the rumours are fake.

LATEST ON MILEY DIFFERENT JENNERATIONS Brody Jenner, 36, dating Maxim model, 20, after recent break-up GLOWING UP From Kylie Jenner to Miley Cyrus these celebs are unrecognizable a decade on TATTS TOO MANY Miley shows off her 50 tattoos including dogs, skeletons and one on her lip Love is all around Pansexual - what does it mean & how is it different to being bisexual? CODED MESSAGE Cody Simpson makes bold statement to prove relationship with Miley is ON MI WAY Miley Cyrus 'SPLITS from Cody' following whirlwind romance to 'focus on herself'

On December 24, 2018, it was revealed the couple "wed in a secret ceremony" at Miley’s house in Franklin, Tennessee, six years after getting engaged.

Miley Cyrus was filmed dancing to Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson in her £6,800 wedding dress by Vivienne Westwood.

The couple's wedding photo was just like their first kiss on the set of The Last Song 10 years ago.

To celebrate finally tying the knot, they took the whole of Liam's family on a ski trip honeymoon to Montana.

