www.etonline.com/news/209157_brad_pitt_did_not_go_to_rehab_despite_reports_claiming_he_has

Desiree Murphy

Brad Pitt Did Not Go to Rehab Despite Tabloid Reports, Source Says

A source close to Brad Pitt is slamming reports that the actor was forced into rehab amid a drug battle.

"Brad did not go to rehab," the source told ET on Wednesday, a few hours after Radar Online published an article claiming the Allied star was "secretly getting help" for "his issues."



WATCH: Brad Pitt Steps Out Amid Reports He's Seeing His Kids More

"Cannot for the life of me understand what they mean by 'bombshell' investigation," the source added, specifically addressing a line in the article that alleges Pitt "spent a whopping $15,000 on a five-night sober retreat" in a private suite inside Casa Del Mar -- a resort in Santa Monica, California -- where he "attended a 'Narcotics Anonymous' group party."

As for In Touch's report claiming that Pitt's estranged wife, Angelina Jolie, is requesting $10,000 per month in child support for their six children, Maddox, 15, Pax, 13, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, and twins Vivienne and Knox, 8, the source told ET the actor's team is not aware of such demands.

"[Brad's team] is strictly following the privacy agreement between the two of them," the source said. "[Brad's team] has never spoken about the kids and won't be starting now."

Earlier this month, Pitt, 53, and Jolie, 41, released their first joint statement since their September split, sharing that they've both signed agreements to keep all of their court documents private.



WATCH: Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt Release First Joint Statement Amid Divorce

"The parties and their counsel have signed agreements to preserve the privacy rights of their children and family by keeping all court documents confidential and engaging a private judge to make any necessary legal decisions and to facilitate the expeditious resolution of any remaining issues," the statement read. "The parents are committed to act as a united front to effectuate recovery and reunification."

Hear more in the video below.

