metro.co.uk/2018/04/17/justin-theroux-looks-far-glum-jennifer-aniston-split-shows-off-guns-coffee-date-7473529/

Mel Evans

Justin Theroux looks far from glum about Jennifer Aniston split as he shows off guns on coffee date

Justin and his arms went on a coffee date (picture: film magic)

What breakup?

Justin Theroux looked to have been hitting the gym big time when he was spotted with a couple tickets to the gun show.

While we’re sure he wasn’t banking on being spotted, as he headed out with a companion on a coffee date last week in New York, there was no going incognito when you’re sporting biceps the size of the Big Apple.

One could say he’s simply living.his.best.life.

The Tropic Thunder star grinned and joked around as he walked his bike around the city with an aptly-described ‘mystery brunette’.

Justin strode alongside a pal (picture: The Mega Agency)

The 42-year-old could have worn a tidy turtleneck to disguise said guns, but instead he proudly showed them off in an Eazy-E tank.

Standard.

While there’s much speculation about the dating life of the producer and writer, following his split with wife Jennifer Aniston (and, of her’s too #equality), all eyes were on those bulging muscles as we all quickly scheduled a lunchtime yoga session, following by a weights class, just to try and emulate some sort of tone to mimic Justin’s.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Since his split from wife Jen – after the two got married in a secret ceremony in 2015 – Justin has also been linked to artist Petra Collins and actress Aubrey Plaza.

Maybe he’s just got a lot of friends, eh?

When it came to Aubrey, according to The Sun, the duo were just friends and the publication claimed that there was nothing romantic between them, after they were spotted returning to Justin’s apartment.

Jen and Justin split earlier this year (picture: Jim Smeal/REX/Shutterstock)

An insider close to the comedian said: ‘Aubrey and Justin are just friends and were simply meeting up to talk about potential work projects. There’s nothing more to it.’

According to reports, Justin has been busy ‘doing his thing’ in New York, while Aniston remained in LA.

A source told People: ‘Now, he’s apparently just enjoying the single life in New York and sticking to a pretty basic routine. He’s just doing his thing. He eats at the same time, goes to the same places, hangs with the same people.’

…getting coffee with curly-haired brunettes…

Now if you don’t mind, we’ll just be down here doing push ups.

Metro.co.uk contacted reps for comment.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Justin Theroux is ‘just friends’ with Aubrey Plaza after Jennifer Aniston split

MORE: Brad Pitt is ‘quietly dating’ as he has ‘secret meeting’ with Jennifer Aniston

