bobbybones.iheart.com/content/2017-05-24-chris-brown-slammed-by-judge-for-skipping-karrueche-tran-court-hearing/

Shari Weiss

Chris Brown Slammed By Judge For Skipping Karrueche Tran Court Hearing

Brown, however, tried and failed to get Tran’s case against him dismissed, and his attorney was admonished for not addressing LaCour’s petition. Here’s what went down: Tran’s lawyers notified the court seven days in advance that she would be unable to attend the hearing in person due to work obligations, and instead planned to participate via phone. Gossip Cop has learned that at the hearing, Brown’s camp tried arguing for a dismissal, on the grounds that Tran should have given 12 days’ notice, not seven.

As Gossip Cop reported, Tran obtained a temporary restraining order against Brown in late February, accusing him of harassing her, assaulting her, and threatening to kill her. The model-actress’ best friend LaCour was also awarded a temporary restraining order after making similar allegations. Both are now seeking to get permanent stay-away orders against the singer.

Initially, the judge the was inclined to agree. But Brown’s legal team apparently failed to recognize this was a joint hearing with LaCour, who was in the court room ready to testify. “What they didn’t take into consideration was the other case,” one person who was at the hearing tells Gossip Cop exclusively. We’re told Brown’s attorneys “came swooping into court” expecting to get off easy on the technicality with Trans’ absence, but the judge pointed out that Brown “didn’t show up either,” despite another petitioner “ready to go.”

Gossip Cop hears Brown’s attorney tried to argue he had not been served in the cases, but evidence was presented to show he was properly served the restraining orders for both Tran and LaCour. Upon seeing that, “his lawyers began to struggle because they had no clue” about the second case, we’re told, and were not prepared to argue it. Furthermore, the judge accused his side of making a “mockery” of the court. He granted their request for a continuance but demanded Brown appear at the next hearing, which is slated for June 15.

And in an indication of how seriously the judge is taking these matters, the next hearing will be an evidentiary one, in which both sides must present evidence regarding the allegations. It’s also worth noting that Brown’s lead attorney, Mark Geragos, wasn’t even the one who represented him on Tuesday. Rather, a female lawyer was sent in his place. Last month, Tran’s manager slammed Geragos for accusing her of making up the domestic violence allegations for self-promotion. Gossip Cop will continue to have updates.

