metro.co.uk/2018/06/15/crowns-vanessa-kirby-addresses-embarrassing-rumours-dating-tom-cruise-kiss-7634671/

Tobi Akingbade

Vanessa Kirby addresses ‘embarrassing’ rumours she is dating Tom Cruise

Sorry, this video isn't available any more.

The Crown’s Vanessa Kirby has addressed the ‘embarrassing’ rumours she is dating Tom Cruise.

The actor, who plays the Queen’s late sister Princess Margaret on the Netflix show, responded to rumours that she’s dating her Mission: Impossible — Fallout co-star Tom Cruise.

Speaking on the Thursday episode of The View, she said: ‘I had met him once in a room full of people! I was like, that was fast!’

Vanessa Kirby and Tom Cruise had to kiss for a scene (Pictures: ABC/PA)

The 30-year-old was referring to reports she was ‘in line to be wife number four’ when she said: ‘We were filming on the river bank in Paris, and we have to kiss, and then the paparazzi [were] taking pictures.’

But Vanessa and Tom haven’t even had spoken about the awkward rumours yet.

‘It was embarrassing. Most of all for him probably,’ she said.

Tom Cruise seen kissing Vanessa Kirby during a scene for ‘Mission Impossible 6’ in Paris (Picture: SIPA USA/PA)

But Vanessa isn’t always facing embarrassment moments as we can only imagine she was pretty chuffed to win a Bafta Award just last month in the supporting actress category for her portrayal of Princess Margaret,

Advertisement

Advertisement

Her win, which gave Netflix its first ever TV Bafta, came after Claire Foy – who plays the Queen – lost out on the leading actress prize to Molly Windsor.

To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video

Collecting her prize Kirby said: ‘To Christine and Luke Windsor, and to my family. Claire, my sister, the best sister ever, apart from my real ones.’

The actor quickly thanked her real sisters after the room erupted in laughter.

‘No, but I actually do want to dedicate this to my sisters, Boo and Anna, because I couldn’t have done a second without them,’ she said. ‘I played Scotland the Brave on bagpipes nonstop at home when I was trying desperately to get into character. So, they were there utterly through it.’

The star also gave a tribute to the real-life princess, who passed away in 2002: ‘So actually this is for Margaret, wherever she is.’

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Helena Bonham Carter is finding it hard to nail Princess Margaret’s ‘posh’ accent in The Crown

