www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-moms/news/is-beyonce-pregnant-again-fans-buzzing-about-possible-baby-bump/

Nicholas Hautman

Is Beyonce Pregnant Again? Fans Buzzing About Possible Baby Bump





The Beyhive is buzzing! Fans are speculating that Beyoncé might be pregnant again.

The 22-time Grammy winner, 36, appeared to have a bit of a bump while performing in Rome on Sunday, July 8, as part of her On the Run II stadium tour with her husband, Jay-Z. Concertgoers shared videos of Beyoncé dancing on stage to “‘03 Bonnie & Clyde” in a formfitting silver minidress. At the end of the song, she rubbed her stomach and smiled at the audience before walking away.

The couple already share daughter Blue Ivy, 6, and twins Rumi and Sir, 12 months.

“Beyoncé is really pregnant again.. and she’s about to be a mother of 4 WOW,” one Twitter user speculated. Another fan quipped, “SHE’S CREATING THE NEXT DESTINY’S CHILD BEFORE OUR EYES.”

Some members of the Beyhive argued that the speculation may not be totally far-fetched. They pointed out that Beyoncé and Jay-Z’s favorite number is four, which could mean that they’d love to welcome a fourth child. After all, Queen Bey was born on September 4 and Hov’s birthday is December 4; they married on April 4, 2008; and Blue Ivy’s middle name comes from the roman numeral IV. In addition, Beyoncé released an album titled 4 in 2011 and Jay-Z dropped a record titled 4:44 in 2017.

Other fans were quick to laugh off the pregnancy rumors, though. “I’m going to believe that this is a food baby and she just dancing sexy,” one person tweeted. Another wrote, “She aint pregnant she had twins its hard for her body to snap back.”

Beyoncé and Jay-Z recently announced that they are set to headline the Global Citizen Festival in South Africa in December. It is unlikely that she is expecting as she would be in the final months of her pregnancy at that time. Additionally, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) advises pregnant women not to travel to South Africa due to the risk of malaria.

The “Crazy in Love” singer famously revealed during her performance of “Love on Top” at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards that she was pregnant with Blue. She announced her second pregnancy via Instagram in 2017, breaking the world record at the time for the most-liked post on the social media app.

Us Weekly has reached out to Beyoncé’s rep for comment.

Go back into the Us Weekly archives and revisit some of the best bombshell stories, riveting feuds and couplings with our new podcast “#TBT!”

