www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2017/kate-middleton-cries-for-help-admits-to-feeling-lonely-and-isolated/

Joanna Mazewski

Kate Middleton Cries For Help: Admits To Feeling Lonely And Isolated

Kate Middleton’s confession about feeling lonely and isolated might be a secret cry for help. The Duchess of Cambridge recently admitted that she often feels isolated as a young mother to her two children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Yet royal observers can’t help but wonder if Kate might be trying to relay a different kind of message with her heartfelt admission.

During a Team Heads Together event in London, Kate Middleton said motherhood has often made her feel lonely, too. She was chatting with the fellow mothers who have developed an app to help mothers find friends who are in a similar situation as they are.

According to the Independent, the Duchess reportedly told them, “Yes, it is lonely at times and you do feel quite isolated but actually so many other mothers are going through exactly what you are going through. It is being brave enough, like you obviously were, to reach out to those around you.”

A lot of people can’t help but wonder just how lonely Kate might be feeling behind closed doors at times. This isn’t the first time that Kate Middleton has made headlines for her personal problems. Recent reports also indicated that Kate might be a secret user of the online chat forum, Mumsnet. A lot of fans believe that Kate is secretly struggling with parenthood and that’s why she’s been using the online parenting site for advice. That’s mostly because she and Prince William have differing opinions when it comes to raising their children.

Kate doesn’t want Prince George and Princess Charlotte to have the same stiff, royal upbringing that their father experienced. That’s why she’s been trying to be as hands-on as possible with them. But William doesn’t see it this way. He just wants her to get on with things without worrying too much about every little problem that arises for them and their kids. And unfortunately, Kate doesn’t have many people to turn to.

Of course, the only two people who really know what’s going on behind closed doors as Prince William and Kate Middleton themselves. But knowing how lonely and isolated Princess Diana felt while she was still married to Prince Charles, there’s a good chance that Kate might be feeling the same way. Plus, it doesn’t help that she and Prince William don’t often see eye-to-eye about their issues. Check back with CDL for all the latest news and updates on the royal family right here!

Image Credit: FameFlynet

