marquee.blogs.cnn.com/2011/09/15/brad-pitt-im-so-happy-to-have-angelina/



Brad Pitt: I'm so happy to have Angelina

At 47, Brad Pitt can say he's a satisfied man. But if you go back about 15 years, the actor says he was far from content.

“I spent the ‘90s trying to hide out, trying to duck the full celebrity cacophony. I started to get sick of myself sitting on a couch, holding a joint, hiding out. It started feeling pathetic," Pitt tells Parade magazine in this weekend's issue.

"It became very clear to me that I was intent on trying to find a movie about an interesting life, but I wasn’t living an interesting life myself," he continues. "I think that my marriage [to actress Jennifer Aniston] had something to do with it. Trying to pretend the marriage was something that it wasn’t."

These days, as a parent of six alongside partner Angelina Jolie, Pitt's found a sense of peace.

Photos of Brad Pitt's romances

"I put much more emphasis on being a satisfied man. I’m satisfied with making true choices and finding the woman I love, Angie, and building a family that I love so much. A family is a risky venture, because the greater the love, the greater the loss. … That’s the trade-off. But I’ll take it all," the "Moneyball" star says.

And although his relationship with Jolie has been the subject of gossip and controversy for years, Pitt's confident he made the right choice by building a family with his "Mr. and Mrs. Smith" co-star.

Photo flashback: See pictures of Brad Pitt through the years

“One of the greatest, smartest things I ever did was give my kids Angie as their mom," he tells Parade. "She is such a great mom. Oh, man, I’m so happy to have her.”

The rumor mill may suggest otherwise, but Pitt shoots down suggestions that the pair are at a breaking point.

"I mean, how many stories have you read that aren’t true, stories about me and Angie being married or fighting or splitting up? And when we don’t split up, there’s a whole new round that we’ve made up and we’re back together again!" he says. "We’ll get married when everyone can. We’re not splitting up. And we don’t have a seventh child yet."

Read more from Brad Pitt's interview when this weekend's issue of Parade arrives Sunday.

