www.harpersbazaar.com/celebrity/latest/a19692741/ryan-reynolds-blake-lively-split-rumors-response/

Erica Gonzales

Ryan Reynolds Just Shut Down Blake Lively Split Rumors (Again) with Some Epic Trolling

Ryan Reynolds, #HusbandGoals and ultimate social media troll, clapped back at a tweet that alluded to rumors that he and his wife Blake Lively are separating. (DISCLAIMER: They're not. Put the tissues away.) As expected, the Deadpool action star responded to the post with his signature sense of humor.

The tweet in question by Yahoo Entertainment, who wrote on Tuesday, "Ryan Reynolds (@vancityreynolds) joins Blake Lively and his mom on red carpet after shutting down split rumors."

But Reynolds hit back perfectly, responding as if the split rumors were between him and his mom rather than him and Lively. "We’re never splitting. She’ll always be my mom. No matter how much jazz-cabbage she smokes with her rollerblading friends," he replied.

We’re never splitting. She’ll always be my mom. No matter how much jazz-cabbage she smokes with her rollerblading friends. — Ryan Reynolds (@VancityReynolds) April 4, 2018

Reynolds fans approved of the cheeky tweet.

Jazz cabbage and rollerblading. Hot diggity damn she knows how to have a good time. — Noah Sparks (@ncsparks_) April 4, 2018

OH MY GOD RYAN pic.twitter.com/umxEIZi0hH — King 👑 (@jimbolimbi) April 4, 2018

You are a treasure, and must be protected at all cost! — Sean McManus (@spmcmanus) April 4, 2018

King of twitter — jenny (@taejkist) April 4, 2018

Reynolds twitter quip came days after he trolled another outlet for falsely reporting that his and Lively's marriage was on the rocks. When IB Times India tweeted, "Deadpool Ryan Reynolds and wife Blake Lively struggling to spend 'quality time,'" the actor hit back, saying, "I wish. I could use a little 'me time'."

I wish. I could use a little “me time”. https://t.co/S6kXFsWaMe — Ryan Reynolds (@VancityReynolds) March 31, 2018

An insider had allegedly told the tabloid, "The past few years, Ryan's been working out of town while Blake stays home with the kids. The distance between them has taken its toll." But Reynolds quickly debunked the gossip.

Despite his recent online quips, Reynolds most savage burns seemed to be reserved for Blake, as told by his intentionally-cropped birthday greeting and jokes about her new onscreen look. How sweet.

