www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5901895/Katie-Holmes-steps-New-York-Jamie-Foxx-performs-Atlantic-City-split-denial.html

Ross Mcdonagh For Dailymail.Com

Katie Holmes steps out in New York while Jamie Foxx performs at Atlantic City after split denial

Low-key lovers Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx have been spotted out separately for the first time since the actress denied rumors they had split.

The 39-year-old actress was spotted out and about solo in New York City.

The mom-of-one rocked a casual look in jeans and black flats, with a navy and white striped tee.

Still together: Katie Holmes stepped out solo in NY on Friday while Jamie Foxx performed at Atlantic City on Thursday night

Hours earlier, Foxx was performing at the opening of the Ocean Resort Casino in Atlantic City.

Wearing a green, red and white tracksuit, he surprised guests at the hotel's HQ2 nightclub with his renditions of covers, jumping from Prince and Michael Jackson.

The Oscar-winner seemed to be having a ball, singing amongst a rambunctious crowd and even posing for selfies.

Nope: The 39-year-old actress denied the day before the couple had split

Chill: The mom-of-one rocked a casual look in jeans and black flats, with a navy and white striped tee

Rumor: Radar Online reported on Wednesday that the couple had called it quits, claiming Katie - who has a 12-year-old daughter called Suri with ex-husband Tom Cruise - had instigated the split

Shot down: But Katie's representative Leslie Sloane denied the claim, telling People it is '100 percent untrue'

On Thursday, a representative for Holmes denied she had split from Foxx.

Radar Online reported on Wednesday that the couple had called it quits, claiming Katie - who has a 12-year-old daughter called Suri with ex-husband Tom Cruise - had instigated the split.

But Katie's representative Leslie Sloane denied the claim, telling People it is '100 percent untrue.'

Leslie's statement also marked the first time Katie had addressed the relationship.

Gold digger: On Thursday night Foxx performed at the opening of the Ocean Resort Casino in Atlantic City

Stylish: He wore a green, red and white tracksuit for his surprise performance at the hotel's HQ2 nightclub

Knows the words: He sang covers ranging from Prince to Michael Jackson

Smile! The Oscar-winner seemed to be having a ball, singing amongst a rambunctious crowd and even posing for selfies

Official: Sloane's statement marked the first time Katie had addressed the relationship with Foxx

Close: Katie and Jamie were romantically linked to each other for the first time back in 2013, but the pair subsequently spent years insisting that they were merely just good friends

Katie and Jamie were romantically linked to each other for the first time back in 2013, but the pair subsequently spent years insisting that they were merely just good friends.

However, the former Dawson's Creek actress and Jamie, 50, finally went public with their relationship in 2017, when they were pictured holding hands while walking along a beach.

It was also suggested in January that the couple were both becoming increasingly comfortable with the interest in their romance.

A source told Us Weekly: 'They're starting to be more comfortable about their relationship. They'd both been in public relationships before. They care about each other a lot and they tried to stay as quiet as possible because they didn't want to ruin that ... Jamie brings a lot of joy and happiness into her life. They've definitely become more serious.'

It's true: However, the former Dawson's Creek actress and Jamie, 50, finally went public with their relationship in 2017, when they were pictured holding hands while walking along a beach

Family woman: She is mom to 12-year-old Suri

Despite this, Katie - whose divorce from Tom was finalised in 2012 - continued to regard Suri as her first priority.

The insider added: 'She's an amazing mom. She'll choose her family over him any day ... When they're together it works. When they're not, they're on their own. It's what works for them ... Katie found happiness with Katie first.

'She's worked her a** off since the divorce and she's finally gotten to a place where she's made a name for herself and can be her own person. She's back to her old self and it's great to watch.'

