ksskradio.iheart.com/content/2017-04-27-watch-kim-kardashians-first-interview-since-robbery-on-ellen-degeneres-show-videos/

Michael Lewittes

Watch Kim Kardashian's First Interview Since Robbery On 'Ellen DeGeneres Show' (VIDEOS)

According to our source, who was at the taping for the show that will air on Thursday, Kardashian is very “hurt” by Jenner’s new memoir, The Secrets of My Life, which alleges her mom Kris is lying when she says she didn’t knowing that Jenner wanted to transition for a number of years before their marriage fell apart. “My heart breaks for my mom, because she’s been through so much,” Kardashian said during the interview. “It’s unfair. Things aren’t truthful. I feel like it’s taken [Caitlyn] a really long time to be honest with herself, so I don’t expect her to be honest about my mom now. It’s so hurtful.” As a result, she’s not talking to Jenner right now.

Kim Kardashian taped the “Ellen DeGeneres Show” on Wednesday, and Gossip Cop has exclusive details from her first talk show interview since being robbed in Paris. We’re told she talked about that harrowing experience, how she no longer speaks to Caitlyn Jenner, and what she’s doing for Kanye West’s upcoming 40th birthday. Check out the videos below!

The audience member also leaks that Kardashian spoke to DeGeneres at length about the Paris robbery, saying that it “changed” her life. “I know this sounds crazy, but I know that was meant to happen to me. I feel like it was so meant to happen. I’m such a different person,” she shared. Kardashian continued, “My whole life as changed as far as how I travel and security. I never thought that I needed security staying outside my door, even though I had a lot of jewelry. If you think about it, yeah, I should have had a security guard outside my door 24/7 when I’m traveling and I didn’t. Now, I have several, just for me to be able to sleep at night.” The reality star fully believed she was going to die, and now she no longer cares about possessions and materialistic items.

Kardashian also discussed life with her kids following the frightening ordeal in Paris, and said her 1-and-a-half year-old son Saint is her “10,” which the audience member understood to mean is a “perfect baby.” And, after DeGeneres asked about West and his well-being, Kardashian noted that the rapper’s 40th birthday is on June 8, and she’s still struggling with what she should do to mark his milestone. At that point, we’re told, the talk show host offered to host the entire Kardashian family for a one-hour birthday party. No word yet whether Kardashian will take DeGeneres up on the invitation. Watch the videos of Kardashian’s interview below!

