www.newidea.com.au/jennifer-aniston-spotted-cradling-growing-baby-bump-in-montreal

Nikki Black, Nikki Is Obsessed With All Things Celebrity, Dreams She Is A Long-Lost Kardashian. You'Ll Find Her Binging Netflix'S Latest 'Must-Watch' Show With A Jar Of Nutella Her Side.

Is Jennifer Aniston finally pregnant?

While Jennifer has often talked about how challenging she finds the constant speculation about why she doesn’t have children, she’s always been very frank about wanting a baby.

All the way back in 2006 she even declared: ‘I’ve never in my life said I didn’t want to have children. I did and I do and I will!’

But in 2015 while still married to Justin Theroux, she hinted they were struggling with conception, telling The Hollywood Reporter: ‘Who knows if it’s going to happen? It’s been

While the actress has an uncertain future ahead of her with former flame Brad Pitt, 54, she has said previously she doesn’t ‘have to settle with a man’ to have a kid.

But now, even though there are challenges ahead, Jennifer couldn’t be happier.

Related: Jen and Brad: 'We're finally a family!'

Related: Jen Aniston pregnant with Brad Pitt's baby

New Idea

Jennifer, who is currently filming the Netflix movie Murder Mystery alongside Adam Sandler, has rekindled a relationship with Brad Pitt, but has always indicated she would happily go it alone as a single mum if the opportunity arose.

Back in 2010 she pointed out: ‘Women are realising it more and more, knowing that they don’t have to settle with a man just to have that child.’

A pregnancy couldn’t come at a better time for Jennifer.

As New Idea reported last week, the former Friends star has been increasingly stressed about her career, and after watching the drama of her ex Brad’s divorce and custody battle with Angelina Jolie, has been fearful about her future.

But now, even though there are challenges ahead, Jennifer couldn’t be happier.

‘Despite being warned that at 49 her chances of falling pregnant were slim, a miracle may happen,’ adds the source.

‘She’s getting help from a top fertility doctor in Beverly Hills, who she describes as a ‘magician’ and she hopes all her dreams come true.’

For the full story see this weeks issue of New Idea, on sale now!

