www.vanityfair.com/style/2016/09/jennifer-aniston-angelina-jolie-brad-pitt-divorce

Condé Nast, Julie Mille

Justin Theroux Reacts to Jennifer Aniston Being Dragged into Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie’s Divorce News

Even though the tabloids might have you believe otherwise, Jennifer Aniston has gone on to do incredible things in the decade or so since she divorced Brad Pitt. She’s done a commendable share of philanthropic work (although she doesn’t advertise it) for St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital, among other causes. She’s reached impressive new heights as a dramatic actress, with a performance in last year’s Cake so heartbreaking that many believed it deserved Oscar recognition. And she wrote a powerful essay this summer, trying to redirect the endless tabloid attention on her to more important issues in the world.

Nevertheless, when Pitt confirmed that he and Angelina Jolie were divorcing earlier this month, Aniston found herself swept back up into the magazine headline melee. Despite the suddenly aggressive tabloid and paparazzi attention since news of a celebrity breakup that has nothing to do with her, it seems as though Aniston has gone about her business as usual—joining husband Justin Theroux in New York this week for the premiere of his latest film, The Girl on the Train. And while there, Theroux was tossed a question about the Brangelina breakup and Aniston’s new involvement in the headlines. Rather than refuse to answer the question, as is certainly his red-carpet right, the Leftovers actor took the decidedly classy route in responding.

“As a child of divorce all I can say is that’s terrible news for those children and that's all you can really say,” Theroux told the Business Insider, referring to Pitt and Jolie’s six children. “It’s boring to sort of comment on anything else. People are having a bad time, that's horrible.”

Theroux also commented on the fact that Aniston has been dragged back into Pitt-Jolie headlines of late, calling the new tabloid narratives “nonsense.”

“There’s an endless appetite for trash, apparently, though everyone would say that they don’t have that appetite,” Theroux continued. “But I think a lot of people do because people buy it. But there are bigger things to bitch about. It’s shocking how much bandwidth things can take up when there are far more important things going on in the world.”

This past summer, Aniston herself became so fed up with a different variation of the nonsense tabloid headlines—at that time, related to whether or not she was pregnant—that she took it upon herself to write an essay on Huffington Post.

“Let me start by saying that addressing gossip is something I have never done,” Aniston wrote. “I don’t like to give energy to the business of lies, but I wanted to participate in a larger conversation that has already begun and needs to continue . . . For the record, I am not pregnant. What I am is fed up. I’m fed up with the sport-like scrutiny and body shaming that occurs daily under the guise of “journalism,’ the ‘First Amendment,’ and ‘celebrity news.’”

