www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2017/ellen-degeneres-urges-portia-de-rossi-to-attend-counseling-last-effort-to-repair-loveless-marriage/

Joanna Mazewski

Ellen DeGeneres Urges Portia De Rossi To Attend Counseling: Last Effort To Repair Loveless Marriage?

Ellen DeGeneres is desperate to save her marriage to Portia de Rossi. That’s why Ellen’s been urging her to attend counseling sessions with her, according to a new report. They’ve hit a rough patch in their relationship and apparently Ellen wants them to get back on track before they head towards a divorce.

Things have gotten so bad between Ellen and Portia that they’ve been fighting non-stop, both at home and in public. In fact, one insider said that Ellen and Portia often get into heated arguments on the set of her daytime talk show. To make matters worse, Ellen hates it when other people gossip about her personal problems. That’s why she’s been pushing Portia to attend counseling sessions with her as one last effort to save their crumbling marriage.

One source close to the situation told Life & Style Weekly, “Ellen has been in counseling, both solo and with Portia. Part of their therapy is to go on more date nights. That’s why they’ve been seen out and more together lately. It’s all about spending quality time together, but still giving each other space during the workday.”

Yet, the last time Ellen and Portia were spotted together was back on February 25th during a pre-Oscars party in Los Angeles. Since then, Portia has been keeping her distance from Ellen, or at least in public. One of the reasons why Portia is looking for a way out is because she’s tired of having to constantly listen to Ellen and her demands. Previous reports even indicated that Portia was fed up with Ellen’s controlling behavior. Insiders say that Portia is fed up with Ellen calling all the shots at home. She feels like she lives in a golden cage with Ellen. If that weren’t enough, Ellen likes to have the last say, especially when it comes to her career, personal and even day-to-day choices.

Of course, time will only tell if Ellen and Portia’s counseling will save their marriage. Tell us, do you think Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi are having marital issues? Could that be the reason why they haven’t been spotted in public together for several weeks now? Ellen herself has not made any comments about her personal life.

Let us know your thoughts by dropping us a line in our comments section below. Also, check back with CDL for all the latest news and updates on Ellen DeGeneres right here!

Image credit to Portia de Rossi // via Instagram

A post shared by Portia de Rossi (@portiaderossi) on Apr 12, 2016 at 8:48pm PDT

