www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4826871/the-kardashian-christmas-card-is-back-but-kanye-west-is-refusing-to-be-in-it/

Issy Sampson, Natasha Rigler

The Kardashian Christmas card is back – but Kanye West is refusing to be in it

KRIS Jenner has whipped fans into a frenzy after confirming the return of the Kardashian Christmas card.

The Kardashian/ Jenner clan have spent years posing for novelty festive photos to celebrate the season of goodwill and it has always been hotly anticipated.

10 The Kardashian clan are preparing to shoot a 2017 Christmas card - this is their card from 2013 Credit: Instagram/David Lachapelle

Last year, however, the family decided to put the tradition on hold following Kim Kardashian's horrific Paris robbery ordeal and her husband Kanye's breakdown.

But it's back - and 37-year-old Kim is in charge.

Speaking to People, Kris has confirmed that the clan will be getting together to create a 2017 family Christmas card, adding: "This week Kim is CEO because she's organising the Christmas card shoot."

Fans have gone wild for the news, with many speculating that Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner, who are both rumoured to be pregnant, will use the opportunity to reveal their baby bumps for the first time.

10 Kris Jenner confirmed the Christmas card's comeback Credit: Getty - Contributor

10 But Kim's husband Kanye is currently refusing to take part Credit: 2017 Marc Piasecki

10 Kanye feels the photo shoot would be a waste of a day Credit: 2017 Marc Piasecki

However, an insider has told The Sun Online that Kanye has so far refused to make an appearance - and Kim isn't too chuffed about it.

The source said: "Kim has ordered Kanye to be there, he's protesting he's got a million other engagements.

10 1987: The Kardashian family have been posing for an annual card for decades Credit: Instagram

10 1991: Over the years, faces have come and gone Credit: Instagram

10 1995: It is not known exactly which members of the Kardashian/ Jenner family will take part in the 2017 card, but Kanye definitely doesn't want to be in it Credit: Instagram

"He's in the studio, he doesn't want to waste a whole day shooting, he doesn't like the styling.

"But Kim thinks the whole family should be in the card together - it's a bit tense as Kanye doesn't want to do it, but Kim really wants him to be there."

While there has been many new additions to the Kardashian Christmas card over the years following the arrivals of Kim and sister Kourtney's children, not everyone makes a return appearance.

Following his break-up with Kourtney, it's unlikely that Scott Disick will be invited to join in the 2017 fun.

10 2010: It is not known if Caitlyn Jenner will join in the fun this year Credit: Nick Samblingini

10 2012: One person unlikely to make a return is Kourtney's ex Scott Disick Credit: Instagram

10 2015: The most recent card, shot to celebrate Christmas 2015, only starred the younger generation Credit: Instagram/Kimkardashian

Kim Kardashian shows off her curves in third sexy Halloween costume

It is also unknown whether Rob Kardashian will want to take part, or if Caitlyn Jenner will make the cut.

The last Kardashian Christmas card didn't even feature any adults, just kids North West, Mason, Penelope and Reign.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220

