celebrityinsider.org/rihanna-is-laughing-at-those-pesky-pregnancy-rumors-but-chris-brown-is-hurt-110176/

Mel Walker

Rihanna Is Laughing At Those Pesky Pregnancy Rumors, But Chris Brown Is Hurt

It seems that Rihanna has decided to respond to the rumors that she is expecting a baby with boyfriend Hassan Jameel. In a typical Rihanna fashion, she laughed off the rumors.

According to an insider, the singer is not expecting, and she is not even trying to enter motherhood at the moment.

A person, who attended a big event with the couple, explained: “She is not pregnant lol. She was taking shots backstage last night and drinking at the afterparty.”

Another source spoke to Hollywood Life and added: “At this point, Rihanna feels like all she can do is laugh off all the pregnancy rumors, in addition to just ignoring them now. She is not pregnant, and she is not even trying to get pregnant either at this point.”

Rihanna on her way to 1OAK nightclub ? A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalririr8) on Jan 29, 2018 at 4:15am PST

However, there will be little Riri or Hassan in the future.

The insider shared: “Would she like children in the future? Yes, but definitely in the future, she is simply not ready to start a family… just yet. Rihanna loves children though, she is a natural mom, and she thinks Hassan will make an amazing father — he is really kind and patient, and a very loving person — but right now she is focused on her career first and foremost. Plus, Rihanna has not even met his family yet.”

Riri ??? A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalririr8) on Jan 28, 2018 at 8:50pm PST

After Rihanna performed at the Grammys, social media exploded because she appeared to have a baby bump.

One supporter said: “She makes me feel better for eating a whole bag of red vines. If RiRi thick, I’m thick too, darnnit. Is Rihanna Pregnant? Asking for a friend! She looks great thick.Waiting for her to announce that she is pregnant.”

Another commenter wrote: “So we just gonna ignore that fact that Riri looked a little thicker than usual in that skin tight dress she performed with DJ Khaled. She looks pregnantWhy does she keep holding her tummy??? Is she pregnant???”

Rihanna’s ex-boyfriend, Chris Brown, had an odd reaction to the rumors: “Chris always had high hopes for their future together, and even though there are only rumors that she could be pregnant with some other guy’s baby, he is still pretty upset and sad to hear about it. He feels like that should be his baby.”

Advertisement

Commenters say that Brown should move on.

