www.onecountry.com/country-artists/blake-shelton/blake-shelton-new-single-inspired-by-gwen/

Lisa Konicki

Blake Shelton Releases “Turnin’ Me On” About Girlfriend Gwen Stefani

Blake Shelton is releasing a third track, “Turnin’ Me On,” from his album Texoma Shore and it’s a love song inspired by his girlfriend Gwen Stefani.

The new release from Blake has the country singer and “The Voice” coach singing about all the things that turn him on about his girlfriend of 3 years, Gwen.

“She’s turning me on, turning me on / Pushing my buttons like it ain’t no thing / If I’m what she wants, she gets what she wants / The neon’s buzzing when she pulls that string / Turning me on like it’s her job / Sometimes I think she must get off on / Turning me on, turning me on.”

Blake began writing the song by himself and as he got on a roll, he asked his songwriter friend to help him finish it.

“We’re sitting on my bus one day early in 2017 and I think I was in Baton Rouge,” said Blake. “I was up there alone and I had my guitar, started playing a little melody that I was hearing in my head and next thing you know I started writing a song. I wrote a verse, then I wrote a chorus, then I realized it was going somewhere and I felt good about it. Like I always [have] in the last couple of years, I called up my friend Jessi Alexander and said, ‘Man, I think I’m onto something and I need somebody way better than me to try to bring this thing home.’ She and I and Josh Osborne ended up writing this song, I’m super proud of it—and it’s not hard to figure out who this song is about.”

After hearing Blake record the new song, what did Gwen think of her beau’s ode to her? “She liked it,” Blake told Seth Meyers. “I didn’t say I wrote the song about her then. I just said I wrote the song and then she figured it out. There’s a line that says ‘She’s Revlon red,’ because she’s the Revlon girl.”

“And when my body’s beside hers / There ain’t no turning back / She’s Revlon red in the blackest night / Lighting up the room in the world just like she’s turnin’ me on.”

“Turnin’ Me On,” featured on Blake’s current album Texoma Shore, is the follow up to Blake’s No. 1 hit “I’ll Name the Dogs,” and most recent single, “I Lived It.”

