www.townandcountrymag.com/society/tradition/a13090749/meghan-markle-engagement-ring/

Caroline Hallemann, Senior Digital News Editor, As The Senior Digital News Editor For Town, Country, Caroline Hallemann Covers Everything The British Royal Family To The Latest Episodes Of Outlander, Killing Eve, The Crown.

Photos of Meghan Markle's Gorgeous Wedding Ring

When Meghan Markle married Prince Harry in May of 2018, the groom gave his new bride a simple wedding band made with Welsh gold (as is royal tradition) as a symbol of their union.

Getty Images

While visiting Reprezent Radio in Brixton alongside Markle and Prince Harry, photographer Dominic Lipinski snapped a picture of the bride-to-be's left hand, showcasing the stunning piece of jewelry.

Getty Images

She also showed it off in Birmingham:

Getty Images

And while in Edinburgh:

Getty Images

Meghan's Engagement Ring



Before the happy couple announced their plans to wed, predictions suggested that Harry might propose with the Queen Mother's engagement ring, or perhaps her massive diamond-and-pearl ring, but Harry opted instead to create a custom piece.

Getty Images

At the photo call in November, we caught our first glimpse of the ring, which was designed by Prince Harry and custom made by court jewelers Cleave and Company using one diamond sourced from Botswana and two smaller stones from Princess Diana's collection.

Another view of the ring. Getty

"The ring is obviously yellow gold because that's [Markle's] favorite and the main stone itself I sourced from Botswana and the little diamonds either side are from my mother's jewelry collection, to make sure that she's with us on this crazy journey together," Harry said during the couple's first sit-down interview with the BBC.

"It's incredible," Markle said of Harry's gesture. "Everything about Harry’s thoughtfulness and the inclusion of [Princess Diana’s stones] and obviously not being able to meet his mom, it’s so important to me to know that she’s a part of this with us."

"It’s incredibly special to be able to have this [ring], which sort of links where you come form and Botswana, which is important to us. It's perfect," she told the BBC.

The redesign

Following the birth of baby Archie in May of 2019, Prince Harry gave Meghan a third ring, an eternity band, which he reportedly designed with jeweler Lorraine Schwartz. Schwartz also resized and reset Meghan's engagement ring.

Meghan debuted her redesigned three-stone engagement ring at Trooping the Colour this year. It now features a thin micro-pavé band, as opposed to the original solid yellow gold one.

See a comparison of the two rings here:

The photo on the left from Trooping the Colour shows Meghan’s redesigned ring, with a thinner pave band. The photo on the right show the original design. Almay / Getty

