www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/6286606/prince-harrys-exes-invited-royal-wedding/

Hayley Richardson

Prince Harry’s exes: who’s invited and who hasn't made the cut to the wedding of the year

IT certainly says a lot about Meghan Markle’s confidence that she’s allowed her fiancé Prince Harry to invite ex-girlfriends to his wedding.

We previously told how Cressida Bonas, who dated the young royal for two years between 2012 and 2014, had got the call-up.

10 Meghan may have won Prince Harry's heart, but who else came close? Credit: AP:Associated Press

However, this week it has been reported that Zimbabwean beauty Chelsy Davy, who had an on-off six-year relationship with the prince, has been snubbed from the wedding reception.

So, which of his other glamorous exes have made the cut – and who is Not Formally Invited?

Ellie Goulding - INVITED

10 Ellie Goulding was spotted canoodling with Harry at the Audi Polo Challenge in May 2016 Credit: Getty Images - Getty

Prince Harry is believed to have dated the 31-year-old singer after the pair were spotted canoodling at the Audi Polo Challenge in May 2016.

The couple, who have been pals since meeting at Prince William’s wedding in 2011, are said to have exchanged some flirty text messages.

At the time, a source close to Harry’s circle told The Sun: “He has told friends how much he likes Ellie and she is clearly taken by him.”

In March we revealed that Ellie has been invited to the nuptials on May 19 - seven years after she sang at the wedding reception of Harry’s brother William in Buckingham Palace.

Camilla Thurlow - NFI

10 Love Island star Camilla is rumoured to have snogged Harry - but is now dating reality show co-star Jamie Jewitt Credit: Getty - Contributor

The Love Island star, 27, is rumoured to have dated Harry following his split from Cressida Bonas in 2014, having been spotted snogging him in Tonteria nightclub in Chelsea.

She managed to stay pretty tight-lipped about it on the reality show last year, claiming "a lady never tells" when quizzed during a game of Truth or Dare.

Like Meghan, Camilla is an eager charity worker, having worked for the Halo Trust - the mine-clearance charity whose work was promoted by Princess Diana - and has described the actress as "amazing and beautiful".

We can imagine the two women being bezzie mates - but sadly, as far as we know, Camilla isn't on the guestlist.



Caroline Flack - NFI

10 Caroline is now engaged - but was previously linked to Harry Credit: Rex Features

Caroline's been busy in her own love life of late, getting engaged to Apprentice star Andrew Brady after just three months of dating.

The 38-year-old dated Prince Harry in 2009, while she was a host on Gladiators.

Speaking about her brief romance with the prince, Caroline said: "‘Once the story got out, that was it. We had to stop seeing each other.

"I was no longer Caroline Flack, TV presenter, I was Caroline Flack, Prince Harry’s bit of rough."

With Love Island returning to our screens in the coming months, we imagine Caroline might be "too busy" even if she did land an invite...

Chelsy Davy - NFI

10 Chelsy was Prince Harry's first love, after meeting through mutual pals in 2004 Credit: Rex Features

Chelsy, 32, returned to Africa to study while Harry focused on his army career and Royal duties.

Chelsy was Prince Harry's first love, after meeting through mutual pals in 2004She returned to the UK to take up a top job at a law firm and was seen accompanying Harry to a number of high-brow events, including his brother's wedding to Kate Middleton.

10 Chelsy is said to be 'a little hurt' to be missed off the reception guest list Credit: Getty - Contributor

Though that year brought an end to their romance, yet party animal Chelsy and Harry remain good friends.

If reports are to be believed, she hasn't been asked to Harry's evening do at Frogmore House, and is "surprised", "shocked" and "a little hurt".

Cressida Bonas - INVITED

10 Cressida and Harry tried to keep their relationship relatively private Credit: Getty - Contributor

Model and actress Cressida, 28, was introduced to Harry by his cousin Princess Eugenie.

The pair shared a lust for life but still managed to keep their relationship relatively private, apart from moments when they were snapped off holidaying or partying at Glasto.

She allegedly called off their romance due to struggling with life in the spotlight while engagement rumours swirled, but the pair have remained on good terms.

Eugenie is also still pals with Cressy, and has invited her to her autumn wedding.

We can't imagine she'll recycle her frock from Harry's big day...

She is now dating chartered surveyor Harry Wentworth-Stanley, and posted a loved-up snap on Instagram on his 29th birthday, describing him as "my love". Could wedding bells be on the cards for her, too?

10 Cressida has apparently been invited to the wedding Credit: Splash News

Florence Brudenell-Bruce - NFI

10 Lingerie model Florence Brudenell-Bruce was spotted on Harry’s arm in 2011 Credit: Getty - Contributor

Lingerie model Florence Brudenell-Bruce, 32, was spotted on Harry’s arm in 2011, shortly after his split from Chelsy Davy.

She went on to marry multi-millionaire Henry St George in a romantic ceremony in the south of France, though her and the prince remain pals.

So, has she been invited? Well, she currently lives in the Bahamas and has a three-year-old to look after, so we'd say it's pretty unlikely she'll be there on the big day.



Mollie King - NFI

10 Mollie caught Harry's eye in 2012 and the pair enjoyed a string of dates Credit: Getty Images - Getty

The Saturdays singer caught Harry's eye in 2012 and the pair enjoyed a string of dates.

When quizzed about the romance, Mollie said: "Yes, I have met Harry, and we did go out for a drink."

Around the same time she publicly outed them, Harry reportedly called things off and Mollie went on to date supermodel David Gandy.

As far as we know, the Strictly Come Dancing semi-finalist hasn't been asked to sing (or dance) on the big day...

MOST READ IN FABULOUS AHEAD OF THE CURVE Stunning model reveals rich guys fly her first class around the world for free ROOT ISSUE Mum splashes £35 on ‘luxury’ M&S Christmas tree but gets ‘dead twig’ instead MYSTIC MEG December 10: If there’s someone special you want to impress it can happen now SEW CLEVER Cleaning fan shows how to get old hair out off your vacuum roller for just 59p GIN-CREDIBLE I started making boozy lollipops from home - now my business has made £300k KITSCH NEW LOOK Mum transforms drab kitchen for just £200 using cheap handles & B&Q paint

Here we reveal more of the special couple's wedding secrets.

Meanwhile one mum reveals why Prince Harry shouldn't invite ANY exes to his wedding.

And these are the wedding protocols Meghan and Harry will have to follow when they get married.

