www.yahoo.com/entertainment/taylor-swift-calls-kim-kardashian-bully-fans-call-bs-180443353.html

Heather Gardner, Video Producer, Yahoo Entertainment

Taylor Swift calls Kim Kardashian a bully – and fans call BS!

Taylor Swift has hit the road! The pop star kicked off her highly anticipated “Reputation” world tour last night in Glendale, Ariz.

Taylor kept to her true self during the opening show and had a little real-talk moment with her fans about bullying and her reptile theme — there were a lot of snakes at the concert. The singer explained she hit a low point when “someone” called her a snake on social media. She even considered giving up music altogether, but she turned the scandal into a teachable moment with her fans.





Though Taylor didn’t use any names, it’s easy to assume who she’s talking about in the video. During the height of the great Taylor Swift-Kanye West feud of 2016, Kim Kardashian dissed the singer on Snapchat in a series of videos, and she did it on National Snake Day.

Wait it's legit National Snake Day?!?!?They have holidays for everybody, I mean everything these days! — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) July 17, 2016





The 60,000 or so Swifties in the arena last night cheered as Taylor told her story of triumph over Kim the “bully,” but Twitter was not so kind to the singer. Overall, they sided with Kim!

Another reason why I only listen to @taylorswift13 music. Calling @KimKardashian a bully bc she exposed your lie? ok To say your career was at stake bc she called you out is over exaggeration at it’s finest. But I guess you don’t love the drama, it loves you, right? — Ashley Torres (@ashleyeatorres) May 9, 2018





STOP. PLAYING. THE. VICTIM. You're not three, Taylor.

Taylor Swift Addresses Being Bullied by Kim Kardashian West https://t.co/lO5h2KIqFD via @vulture — Angelica Frey (@angelica_frey) May 9, 2018





I’m tired of her. Everyone has moved on but her. — breezega (@breezega) May 9, 2018





Hey @taylorswift13, isn’t @KimKardashian the reason you’re hundo-mill-dollars richer from #Reputation? She essentially lit the path of the creative process and rebranded you…You should thank her… just a thought — Julia Hofer (@jchofer) May 9, 2018





I swear this girl LOVES playing the “victim”. It’s her favorite role. — jenn (@_xmarissabee) May 9, 2018





@Taylorswift13 is on her latest attempt to cash in on the #KardashianKash Snake is now a bully word. Comon. No its a person who hides in the shadows and pops out for a meal. @KimKardashian https://t.co/SsniGJIrLG — JewZ (@hilaryveach) May 9, 2018





If you dont wanna be called a (@taylorswift13)….then dont LIE in the first place! ❤ (@KimKardashian) — FromDerek (@FromDerek3) May 9, 2018





On a real note is Taylor Swift actually trying to play the bully card! GTFO @KimKardashian is no bully ! — Samantha (@Melendrez_sja) May 9, 2018





Given the sheer amount of snakes present during the concert, we doubt Taylor will just shake it off — the snake is part of her brand now, and she has dozens of shows ahead of her to share the tale. However, there is still a chance for Kim and Taylor to make up — just ask Katy Perry.

Watch: Khloé Kardashian supports Tristan Thompson at Cavs game

Read more from Yahoo Entertainment:

