www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3806043/Jennifer-Aniston-holds-hands-Justin-Theroux-NYC-dinner-date-amid-Brangelina-divorce-scandal.html

Sameer Suri For Dailymail.Com

Jennifer Aniston holds hands with Justin Theroux on NYC dinner date amid Brangelina divorce scandal

On Saturday, Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux were spotted enjoying a night out in New York City.

The 47-year-old and her 45-year-old husband left a stylish restaurant called The Smile in Manhattan's NoHo neighbourhood. She was seen clasping his hand.

Their evening together comes five days after Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from Aniston's ex-husband Brad Pitt.

The Man I Love: On Saturday, Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux enjoyed a dinner date in New York City

One Hand, One Heart: The pair were spotted clasping each other's hands as they arrived

A Time For Love: The loving wife put a hand on her husband's shoulder as they trod the pavement

Smile: Their destination was the restaurant The Smile in the NoHo neighbourhood of Manhattan

The Friends alumna kept her outfit New York chic, tucking her black tank-top into loose black slacks she cinched with a black belt to accent her trim waist.

A gleaming gold pendant dangled from her neck, and she completed the look with black ankle-strap stilettos and a black Chanel purse.

Meanwhile, the Mulholland Drive actor had pulled midnight blue anorak vest over a Prussian blue hoodie. His hair slicked upward and back, he wore a pair of faded grey jeans and what looked like grey boots.

New York chic: The Tropic Thunder writer opted for blues and greys and the Cake actress chose head-to-toe black

New York State Of Mind: Us Weekly reported Thursday that the Cake actress left New York after being 'hounded' in Los Angeles in the wake of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's divorce

On Thursday, Us Weekly reported the Cake actress was fleeing to New York after being 'hounded' in Los Angeles in the wake of the Jolie-Pitt rupture.

Theroux joined her there after wrapping the HBO programme The Leftovers, which had been filming its third and final series in Melbourne.

Pitt and Aniston had married in 2000 but separated in January 2005, finalising the divorce that October.

That July, Jolie and Pitt had paraded their romance in a W Magazine spread called 'Domestic Bliss: Angelina Jolie And Brad Pitt At Home.' Two months later, the Horrible Bosses actress commented on the piece in Vanity Fair: 'There's a sensitivity chip that's missing.'

The Man That Got Away: The Friends alumna had been married to the Inglourious Basterds star from 2000 until 2005

In the years since, both Pitt and Jolie have admitted they fell for each other whilst filming their spy caper Mr & Mrs Smith, which was shot during his first marriage.

The Changeling star told the New York Times in 2008 that she wanted to show their children the film because 'not a lot of people get to see a movie where their parents fell in love.'

A couple of months later, in Rolling Stone, the Fight Club actor called Mr & Mrs Smith his favourite film of Jolie's 'Because I fell in love.'

How About Me: Pitt and Jolie have since both admitted they fell in love whilst filming the spy caper Mr & Mrs Smith during the Babel actor's first marriage

My Man: The 45-year-old arrived in New York after wrapping his HBO series The Leftovers in Melbourne

When You Gotta Go, You Gotta Go: The Leftovers was filming its third and final series

This Tuesday, after their divorce went public, Us Weekly reported that, according to an insider, Aniston's reaction to the news was to say: 'That's karma for you!'

Memes and GIFs have been circulating of her Friends character Rachel Green in various states of triumph, including one of her saying a line from the NBC smash: 'And that, my friend, is what they call closure.'

On Wednesday, the New York Post ran a cover of the Marley & Me star laughing riotously.

The Way We Were: The Wanderlust co-stars began dating in 2011

Sadie, Sadie, Married Lady: They tied the knot last August

As Time Goes By: Their marriage was preceded by a three-year engagement

Neither Aniston nor Theroux has yet commented publicly about the increasingly vicious divorce, which has involved rumours of Pitt's infidelity with his Allied co-star Marion Cotillard and an FBI investigation following reports of his alleged child abuse.

After her own divorce from the World War Z star, the We're The Millers actress dated famous men including John Mayer and Vince Vaughn before alighting on the Tropic Thunder screenwriter.

Aniston and Theroux began dating in 2011, having worked together on the film Wanderlust. Theroux himself had carried on a 14-year relationship with costume designer Heidi Bivens that collapsed in 2011.

Working actor: Justin stars in The Leftovers on HBO and can be seen in the upcoming thriller The Girl On The Train

At the time, E! claimed that Bivens had been, according to a friend of hers, '"straight-up dumped,"' though the report had qualified: 'Not to say it's Aniston's fault, maybe the timing was just terrible?'

After a three-year engagement, Aniston and Theroux married last August.

Theroux can next be seen on the big screen in the mystery thriller The Girl On The Train due out on October 5 in the UK and on October 7 in the US.

