celebrityinsider.org/brad-pitt-and-angelina-jolies-divorce-stalls-again-his-relationship-with-neri-oxman-to-blame-148210/

Suzy Kerr

Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie’s Divorce Stalls Again, His Relationship With Neri Oxman To Blame?

Are Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie ever going to get over their differences? It’s almost been two years since the power couple called it quits but they still haven’t finalized the divorce. Things looked like they improved last year, but a new snag might put their divorce settlement on hold once again.

Pitt and Jolie announced their split back in the summer of 2016. At the time, Jolie took their six kids and struck out on her own. Pitt, meanwhile, was forced to confront several different scandals, including accusations of child abuse. After the mudslinging stopped and the two started communicating again, it seemed as though Pitt and Jolie were on the verge of finalizing the divorce and moving on.

While they have been close to signing the divorce papers, two big issues keep preventing them from coming to an agreement.

? #BradPitt yesterday along with many A-listers attended a U2 concert in LA? his new look is his 2010-2011 look❤️his body & face looks healthier than last year and his hair is just ?? I wanna grab it so bad!! pic.twitter.com/cEx2AfKYMG — Brangelina Forever (@BrangelinaGirl) May 17, 2018

An inside source told Life & Style that one of the biggest issues is over the custody of the couple’s six kids: Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Vivienne and Knox. Pitt is fighting for joint legal and physical custody of the brood while Jolie wants all of it. Unless Jolie changes her mind soon, the issue could be left for the courts to decide.

The second thing that is hanging up the divorce is the couple’s massive estate in France, Chateau Miraval. The two bought the vineyard back in 2014 and have produced several profitable wines over the years. Jolie desperately wants to sell the estate and split the profits, but Pitt isn’t about to give up his dreams of making wine.

“Brad has really loved renovating the buildings on the grounds and working with the vintner and olive oil maker,” the insider explained, adding that Pitt is present for each harvest and wants to keep the chateau’s legacy intact.

Emilia Clarke reveals how she missed out on a date with Brad Pitt https://t.co/EjaHrma6J1 pic.twitter.com/s0RIGqCUzR — Harper's Bazaar UK (@BazaarUK) May 18, 2018

There’s no telling if Pitt and Jolie will ever reach a compromise and move on with their lives. Until they do, Pitt has already been linked to different women since the breakup. He hasn’t started an official romance, but it looks like he’s back in the dating game.

Jolie, meanwhile, has been quietly dating a philanthropist based out of the UK. A close friend of the actress revealed that she’s happy with her new boyfriend and can’t wait to finalize the divorce and finally start a new chapter in her life.

Advertisement

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have not commented on their ongoing divorce settlement.

