www.express.co.uk/news/royal/871707/Prince-Harry-Meghan-Markle-Rachel-Zane-Suits-royal-royal-family-Queen-Wimbledon

Joseph Carey

Revealed: Prince Harry had a crush on Meghan Markle ‘TWO YEARS’ before meeting her

In a documentary set to air tomorrow, royal expert Katie Nicholl reveals that the smitten prince described the Suits star as his “ideal girl” two years before they met last year. She said: “He had a crush on Rachel Zane two years before he met Meghan and the reason I know is because I was having drinks with one of his friends. “She told me she’d been on a night out with Prince Harry. He was single at the time, so she said, ‘Harry, who’s your ideal girl?’ And he said ‘Meghan Markle from Suits.’” Prince Harry is said to have organised a meeting with his dream woman after having asked mutual friend Markus Anderson, a close friend of the divorcee, to set up a meeting between the two in order to fulfil his Rachel Zane fantasies.

GETTY The smitten couple struggled to keep their hands off each other during their latest appearance

The meeting reportedly took place when the 36-year-old was in London in July last year to watch Serena Williams play tennis at Wimbledon. According to The Sun, Ms Nicholl's added: “He asked Markus if he could set up, not a date, but an opportunity for them to meet and that happened in one of the private rooms of Soho House. “There were about seven or eight of them altogether and it was a perfect opportunity for Harry and Meghan to come together in a really informal environment and actually talk. “She was funny, feisty, confident and she wasn’t swayed or knocked by the fact that he was Prince Harry. She thought he was terribly cute.”

Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle Sun, September 24, 2017 Prince Harry confirms he is in a relationship with model and actress Meghan Markle Play slideshow Getty 1 of 40 Meghan Markle attends the Invictus Games Toronto 2017

The royal expert revealed that after the pair’s first meeting, Prince Harry described the Suits star as a “cracking girl”. With the smitten couple struggling to keep their hands off each other at their latest public appearance at this year’s Invictus Games in Toronto, rumours of the couple’s imminent engagement have been ripe. Bookmakers believe Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will get married in Westminster Abbey in the second half of next year.

Recent reports stated that Harry had taken the Suits actress to tea with the Queen at Buckingham Place. Kensington Palace has not officially denied the meeting took place, which has only intensified the speculation. Any Royal wedding would attract hundreds of millions of viewers.

GETTY Meghan Markle was in London in July last year to watch Serena Williams play tennis at Wimbledon

GETTY Prince Harry reportedly had a crush on Meghan Markle “two years” before meeting her

