radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/04/liam-neeson-crush-flirtation-dream-woman-jennifer-garner/

Radar Staff, April

Liam Neeson Taken With His ‘Ultimate Dream Woman’ Jen Garner

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Ben Who? Liam Neeson Taken With His ‘Ultimate Dream Woman’ Jennifer Garner

Ben Who? Liam Neeson Taken With His ‘Ultimate Dream Woman’ Jennifer Garner

Ben Who? Liam Neeson Taken With His ‘Ultimate Dream Woman’ Jennifer Garner But is the attraction mutual?

RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal Liam Neeson “has it bad” for Jennifer Garner, who he’s identified as his “ultimate dream woman.”

According to an insider, “Jen caught Liam’s eye while she was making the action movie Peppermintwith his close friend,” the director Pierre Morel, “and now Liam’s hoping to be set up with her.”

So would the single actress be open to making a love connection?

“The fascination is mutual,” noted the insider, who adds Garner studied Liam’s Taken films to “crank up” her own revenge thriller expertise.

Garner, who turns 46 on April 17, also used the franchise as a convenient excuse to consult the suave 65-year old actor on how to best portray her tricky role.

“Even though they’ve crossed paths many times over the years, Jen has never been in Liam’s orbit like this before,” the insider told Radar. “She’s really captured his interest.”

Neeson’s wife, Natasha Richardson, tragically passed away in 2009 after a freak ski accident, and Garner’s divorce from her husband, Ben Affleck, was finalized last year.

Now Garner’s film is now in post-production and she and Neeson have been talking more and more frequently, said the source.

“They are flirting with the idea of going on an actual date, and Liam’s leaning on his friend Pierre to help make it happen!”

Do you think Liam and Jen would make a cute couple? Weigh in with your thoughts in the comments!

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

