www.yahoo.com/lifestyle/lindsay-lohan-wears-hijab-social-media-mixed-feelings-214247444.html

Maggie Parker

Lindsay Lohan wears a hijab, sparking mixed feelings on social media

Lindsay Lohan was spotted at a modest fashion show wearing a hijab. The actress attended the second annual London Modest Fashion Week over the weekend, and she dressed the part.

Before the show, she posted a video on her Instagram, in which she learned how to style a hijab and expressed her desire to wear it traditionally. “I think it needs [to be] a little bit more tighter in the [back]. I don’t want it to come off and show too much,” the once risqué woman told her hijab-tutor in the video.

Photo: BBC News More

When someone suggested she switch wrapping styles so she could wear it as tight as she wanted, she said she wanted “to do traditional Saudi wrap. … That’s what I’d rather learn to do so I know. … I want to learn how to do it properly.” This could be because she’s set to film an all-female movie in Saudi Arabia. She then told the woman that she had been living in Dubai for three years.

She also posted a video from the fashion show and spoke to BBC Minute about modest apparel. “Fashion doesn’t always have to be so naked and can be adventurous and still beautiful, with a strong group of women behind it,” Lohan said.

Not only did she wear the right clothing, she also wore the right makeup. According to halal/vegetarian/vegan makeup retailer HawaCosmetics, Lohan stopped by their booth and told them about “how she’s into halal cosmetics and what she’s actually wearing on her face today was all halal!!” according to their social media post. They were referencing the Muslim diet and referring to avoiding non-halal makeup.





Lohan’s efforts to respect Muslim traditions are getting mixed reactions. Some people really into this look were impressed by her interest, including the designers.

@lindsaylohan is getting fitted for a hijab on her insta live right now and I am LIVING #Traditional — Evan ☕️BlackWhite (@EvBenjamin) February 17, 2018





Can we deep, a whole fabulous @lindsaylohan repping at London Modest Fashion week @HauteElan! Amazing ❤️ pic.twitter.com/raVzZNMz39 — HafsahD (@HafsahDabiri) February 17, 2018





Lindsay Lohan flaunting Hijab at fashion show is BEAUTIFUL! — Saira Ali (@ImSairaAli) February 19, 2018





Lindsay Lohan shines in hijab at #London Modest Fashion Week https://t.co/bKCUUZqWzq pic.twitter.com/raq6GuIdFO — My Salaam (@My_Salaam) February 19, 2018





Lindsay Lohan in an hijab! Now there’s a role model. — Adele (@Contented2851) February 19, 2018





Others were angry that Lohan was promoting what they see as oppressive attire, especially when women are protesting wearing the hijab in Iran right now and getting arrested for it. “It amazes me how the western civilization sees wearing the hijab as an act of liberation and empowerment while women in Iran are removing their hijabs off as a protest, meaning the hijab is actually a sign of oppression in muslim countries,” one follower tweeted. One user accused Lohan of “normalizing Islamic misogyny.”

Since when did promoting oppressive articles of clothing become a thing? Especially when women take off their hijab's in protest…seems counter-productive… — Lindsey D (@lindseyaya87) February 18, 2018





It amazes me how the western civilisation sees wearing the hijab as an act of liberation and empowerment while women in Iran are taking the hijab off as a protest, meaning the hijab is actually a sign of oppression in muslim countries.@DouglasKMurray — Tom Livne (@countertommy) February 19, 2018

