www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2018/06/george-clooney-afi

Condé Nast, Rebecca Keega

Exclusive: Here’s What It Was Like Backstage at George Clooney’s A.F.I. Tribute

Perched on a director’s chair in an off-the-shoulder pink Prada gown, as a man brushed her dark, flowing hair into a state of perfection, and a woman touched up her lipstick, Amal Clooney held up her phone to check her image in one hand, and clutched the notecards for an uncharacteristically personal speech in another. Amal, a woman accustomed to prosecuting war criminals at the Hague and speaking up for victims of ISIS at the United Nations, was about to talk to a ballroom full of celebrities about her husband, George Clooney. “I’m just going to remind you, because you’re tall, that you don’t have to lean into the microphone,” a stage manager told Amal, who nodded knowingly.

Amal’s composure stood in contrast to the anxiety of the professional entertainers who came to fête George at the June 6 A.F.I. Life Achievement Award gala, which TNT will air on Thursday at 10 P.M., E.S.T, and TCM will rebroadcast in September during a night of programming dedicated to George’s work.

Vanity Fair was allowed to linger in the wings of Hollywood’s Dolby Theatre during the show, a perfect perch for watching stars like Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Bill Murray, Diane Keaton, Miley Cyrus, Shirley MacLaine, Julianna Margulies, Jimmy Kimmel, Laura Dern, Anna Kendrick, and Richard Kind pay tribute to and occasionally roast their friend.

As they projected poise onstage, behind the scenes the stars grappled with stage fright, speech planning, and microphone management. Kendrick, George’s Up in the Air co-star, fidgeted with her rings and described herself to a stage manager as “very nervous but alright” before taking the stage. Exiting and clearly relieved after finishing her remarks, Kendrick bumped into George’s The Monuments Men and The Good German co-star Cate Blanchett, who looked up from a printout of her speech notes and declared, “I’m so bad at this.” (For what it’s worth, no, she’s not, but isn’t it sort of comforting to know that even the seemingly dauntless Blanchett feels anxious before giving a speech?)

“Why do we do this? We could just say no,” Kendrick said.

“I was just crying in the bathroom,” Blanchett replied.

“I’m gonna go have a whiskey, then I’m gonna go laugh so hard and be like, ‘This fucking bitch. She’s great,’” Kendrick said as a way to assure Blanchett she would have a cheerleader in the crowd during her speech. “Nice to meet you, by the way.”

