www.intouchweekly.com/posts/matt-lauer-friends-disown-156502

Paulina Jayne Isaac

Matt Lauer's Friends Have Reportedly Disowned Him Following Sex Scandal

Friends, forever? More like friends until scandal. Matt Lauer is losing more people close to him following his sexual harassment allegations. According to Radar, the former Today show host is friendless after his old Long Island pals disowned once news of his allegations and subsequent firing broke. Famous pals like rock icon Billy Joel and radio host Howard Stern are cutting all ties to the disgraced anchor.

“These guys don’t exactly have the best track records in their own married lives, and they also have their careers to protect,” a source tells Radar. “Whenever they had get-togethers, Matt would never show up with Annette, and the other wives don’t want their guys anywhere near him.”

(Photo Credit: Getty Images)

Joel, 68, got married for a fourth time to equestrian Alexis Roderick, 36. While Howard, 64, left his first wife to marry model and actress Beth Ostrosky, 45. Both men admittedly don’t have the best track record when it comes to marriage and they’re not willing to rick their current relationships by being associated with the 60-year-old.

Not only was Matt fired after NBC caught wind of his long history of sexual harassment, he’s also been accused of having multiple affairs during his 19-year-long marriage to Annette. “Seeing her family and friends convinced her she was better off without him,” a source exclusively told In Touch, who noted that years of Matt’s infidelity and humiliation had finally taken their toll. “After all she’s been through, the nights of crying herself to sleep and trying to divorce him years ago, it was still one of the hardest things she’s ever done.”

According to his neighbors, he isn’t doing well following the scandal. “He just looks very, very sad,” an employee at a local store exclusively told In Touch. “He used to be so friendly and chatty, just like he was on TV. Now he keeps his head down. You can tell he’s not really in the best place.” Another neighbor agreed that he has visibly changed. “He doesn’t look like he did when he was on TV,” this Hamptons resident revealed. “He’s skinny… It looks like he’s aged 10 years.”

