marriedbiography.com/dating-affair-kristen-stewart-stella-still-happening-despite-rumors-split/



Dating affair between Kristen Stewart and Stella are still happening, despite a Rumors of them about the split – Married Biography

Dating affair between Kristen Stewart and Stella are still happening, despite a Rumors of them about the split Share this

It was said this relationship wouldn’t last. Considering Kristen’s melodramatic love life in 2016. It was thought Kristen Stewart, Stella Maxwell could have their relationship to only Spring. As Stella was considered as Winter-to-Spring Girlfriend. It was thought Kristen would have someone new by the summer. But look! They’re still together.

Kristen Stewart, Stella Maxwell NOT In Toxic Relationship

Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell do NOT have a toxic relationship, despite a false tabloid report. Gossip Cop can exclusively correct this claim. We’re told it’s “false.”

According to OK!, the actress and model are involved in “an exhausting cycle of partying and jealousy.” A source tells the magazine,

“Stella is an absolute wild child. She was too fast for Miley Cyrus, and Kristen is much more delicate and doesn’t handle booze as well.”

Marriage Talk Made Up By Tabloid

Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell are not already “talking marriage,” despite a made-up story tabloids.

The actress and model have been dating for less than five months, but according to OK!, the two are already planning to wed. The news of couples discussing having “an intimate outdoor ceremony in Southern California” has been coming out. The outlet’s questionable insider adds,

“They started making vision boards and talking over outfits, but they’re in no rush. They’re taking their time and enjoying planning something special.”

NOT Cheating On Stella Maxwell With Alicia Cargile

A new tabloid report wrongly speculates that Kristen Stewart is cheating on Stella Maxwell with ex-girlfriend Alicia Cargile. Gossip Cop, however, looked into the story, and they exclusively revealed the truth.

The actress was spotted leaving her ex’s home in Los Angeles, it was assumed that the pair must be hooking up again. “Stella is going to be devastated,” a so-called “friend” of Victoria’s Secret model tells the magazine.

“She always suspected Kristen still had feelings for Alicia. She’s the one Kristen calls when she has a problem, and this just confirms her fears.”

Kristen Stewart NOT Adopting Baby

There was a news of Kristen that Kristen and French Singer Soko are planning on adopting a child together. All this are made up stories. None of them are true. Stewart denies about adopting a child with Soko. Stewart told that the tabloid’s adoption claim is 100 percent “not true.”

