celebrityinsider.org/kuwk-kourtney-is-creeped-out-by-scott-disicks-gf-sofia-richie-morphing-into-her-feels-like-hes-manipulating-the-girl-126879/

Ashley Mitchell

KUWK: Kourtney Is ‘Creeped Out’ By Scott Disick’s GF Sofia Richie Morphing Into Her – Feels Like He’s ‘Manipulating’ The Girl

We have learned that Kourtney Kardashian is not at all impressed by the fact that it looks like her ex Scott Disick’s current girlfriend Sofia Richie is morphing into her! As fans of KUWK may already know, it has become apparent for a while that the 19-year-old is stealing her style and Kourt is convinced it is all Scott’s doing!

One insider explained that ‘Kourtney’s definitely more than a little creeped out by how Sofia appears to be stealing her look. But, it also makes her sad because she realized how young and impressionable Sofia is.’

The source went on to say that the mother of three suspects Scott is to blame for Sofia’s drastic physical change ever since she started dating him.

‘Kourtney thinks she is probably being controlled, or at the very least, manipulated, by Scott. Some people might find it flattering, but she just thinks it’s gross, and Scott needs to grow up, move on, and start living as an independent adult for once.’

As you may remember, at the beginning of Scott and Sofia’s relationship, the teen was rocking her blonde hair and was wearing pretty colorful clothes.

Now, however, not only did she dye her hair brunette but her wardrobe consists of mainly dark blazers and crop tops as well as very thin sunglasses.

Fans of KUWK know that all of these style elements are staples of Kourtney’s fashion.

@milesrichie ? ? @alansilfen A post shared by Sofia Richie (@sofiarichie) on Mar 7, 2018 at 7:39pm PST

We have previously learned that Kourtney did try to discuss with Scott the fact that Sofia keeps on copying her look, but he laughed it off.

Advertisement

‘[Kourtney] makes comments about it to Scott, and he laughs it off and tries to flip it on her. He just calls her a narcissist and acts like she is crazy for mentioning it, which is so frustrating for her. But, also so typical of Scott. As far as Kourtney’s concerned, this bizarre situation is more proof Scott and his girlfriend are obsessed with her.’

