www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5839669/Charlize-Theron-Alexander-Skarsgards-romance-six-years-dating.html

Tracy Wright For Dailymail.Com

Charlize Theron and Alexander Skarsgard's romance is 'back on'

They're major Hollywood heavyweights with a romantic history.

And it appears that Charlize Theron and Alexander Skarsgard have rekindled their relationship nearly six years after first dating, according to Life & Style.

Charlize, 42, and Alexander, 41, are trying to keep things 'private' but have reportedly been 'flirting on set' of their new film, political comedy Flarsky.

Alexander Skarsgard has rekindled his relationship with Charlize Theron nearly six years after first dating, according to Life & Style; seen in January

'They're keeping it as private as they can, but it's hard to hide,' an insider revealed. 'They are both thrilled that this romance is back on.'

The power couple were first rumored to be dating back in 2012, but their short romance ended after 'just a few dates' with each going their separate ways.

'The first time they laid eyes on each other all those years ago, there was an attraction,' the source said. 'They've stayed in touch since the first go-round,' the insider noted before adding that Skarsgard has met her adopted kids, Jackson, six, and August, two.

Star power: Charlize, 42, and Alexander, 41, are trying to keep things 'private' but have reportedly been 'flirting on set' of their new film, political comedy Flarsky; seen in May

She has stayed single since her 2015 break up with Sean Penn,57, while Skarsgard and ex Alexa Chung, 34, split last summer.

'Charlize is a woman who knows what she wants and just goes for it,' the insider said. 'She did it with Alexander back then, and now she's done it again.'

Skarsgard and Theron are known to avoid the Hollywood scene and feel a bit like 'outsiders' in the industry.

Love: She has stayed single since her 2015 break up with Sean Penn,57, while Skarsgard and ex Alexa Chung, 34, split last summer; Alexander seen in January, Charlie pictured in April

'They're both straight shooters,' the source said. 'Charlize cusses and has a wicked sense of humor, which he loves. 'Alexander is a serious guy, a deep thinker, and she loves that. He's well-read, loves the classics and is a movie buff just like her.'

As they take their time diving into their newfound relationship, Charlize is always making sure she makes the right moves.

'Charlize is usually very skittish about becoming serious with anyone, but she is also an intense, take-no-prisoners woman,' the insider revealed. 'Needless to say, she takes everything she does seriously.'

