www.standard.co.uk/showbiz/celebrity-news/khloe-kardashian-has-fans-convinced-shes-expecting-a-baby-girl-with-dinner-party-snaps-a3760681.html

Natasha Sporn

Khloe Kardashian has fans convinced she's expecting a baby girl

Khloé Kardashian has sparked speculation that she is expecting a baby girl after throwing an all-pink dinner party.

Kardashian, who is pregnant with her first child with Tristan Thompson, posted photos on her Snapchat story showing her very pink table layout.

The 33-year-old’s sister Kourtney also shared similar snaps on her own Snapchat account.

Fans were quick to pick up on the possible clues, with one writing: “@khloekardashian had a weekly dinner party at her house with a lot of pink decor on the table and her nails are a baby pink.. hmm my FBI skills are telling me that’s a hint that’s she’s having a girl.”

While another said: “@khloekardashian I open this pink your posting means you’re having a girl! That would be so amazing if you have a little girl and Stormi and Chicago all get to grow up together being so close in age! Either way I’m so happy for you and @RealTristan13!”

“Okay guys, is @khloekardashian also having a girl? All pink diner party?” asked a third.

The speculation comes just days after the Kardashian-Jenner clan welcomed another baby into the family, with Kylie Jenner giving birth to Stormi Webster.

The 20-year-old kept her pregnancy away from the spotlight and revealed the arrival of her healthy baby with rapper Travis Scott in a sweet YouTube video last weekend.

In an accompanying post, Jenner wrote: "I'm sorry for keeping you in the dark through all the assumptions. I understand you're used to me bringing you along on all my journeys.

"My pregnancy was one I chose not to do in front of the world. I knew for myself I needed to prepare for this role of a lifetime in the most positive, stress free, and healthy way I knew how."

The 11-minute clip showed fans a glimpse into her pregnancy and included shots with her whole family, including her pregnant sister Khloé and newborn niece Chicago West.

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West welcomed their third child, nickname Chi, earlier this year via a “gestational carrier”.

