celebrityinsider.org/jennifer-aniston-is-reportedly-heartbroken-over-justin-therouxs-plans-to-move-in-with-emma-stone-162385/

Suzy Kerr

Jennifer Aniston Is Reportedly Heartbroken Over Justin Theroux’s Plans To Move In With Emma Stone

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux announced back in February that they were divorcing after two-and-a-half years of marriage, and since the split, they both have leaned on friends for love and support. Specifically, Theroux has turned to pal Emma Stone quite a bit recently. Cameras have spotted the two grabbing a bite to eat in New York and vacationing together late last month in France.

Now, according to Life & Style, the 46-year-old actor is planning to move in with Stone – who lives in Bel Air, not far from Aniston – even though New York is his home.

“Jen’s worst nightmare is about to come true,” says an insider. “He’s told friends he’s moving to LA for a while, and it looks like he’ll be staying at Emma’s house. It’s the ultimate girl-code betrayal. Poor Jen just can’t seem to catch a break.”

The source goes on to reveal that things are heating up between Theroux and Stone, and they could “become Hollywood’s next power couple.” And for Aniston, this could end up being similar to an experience she after her last divorce – avoiding her ex and his new woman on the red carpet and at Hollywood events, like she did with her first husband Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.

MANIAC 2018? #thatsawrap #bts A post shared by @ justintheroux on Dec 11, 2017 at 10:45am PST

Meanwhile, People Magazine is reporting that Aniston is moving on with her life and not dwelling on the past. Their source says that the former Friends star is happy being single and hanging out with friends like Jason Bateman and Ellen DeGeneres.

Right after her split from Theroux, Aniston laid low for a couple of months. But lately, she has been stepping out more in public, and cameras recently caught her having dinner with Courtney Cox at the National Resources Defense Council benefit.

Aniston has also been working, and recently went to Montreal, Canada to film her new Netflix movie with Adam Sandler. Aniston and Sandler were co-stars of the 2011 romantic comedy Just Go With It, and in their latest project they play a couple suspected of murder after the death of a billionaire.

Justin Theroux, our cover guy for the July/August issue, has it all figured out. We talked to him about his bikes, his tats, and how he's managed to look like he hasn't aged in 46 years. Read the full story here: https://t.co/KY53Ecc8z0 pic.twitter.com/tV6V97Xfqj — Men's Health Mag (@MensHealthMag) June 20, 2018

The 46-year-old also reportedly has another project in the works – a Netflix show with Tig Notaro who plays the first female President of the United States who is also openly gay. Will Ferrell, Adam McKay and Stephanie Allyne will produce the show along with Aniston.

This will be Aniston’s first television project since Friends ended in 2004. After that iconic show ended she shifted her focus to film and starred in projects like He’s Just Not That Into You and Horrible Bosses.

In addition to her acting career, Aniston has started some business ventures, like her own perfume line that she launched in 2010. She also is involved in multiple philanthropic efforts, including supporting AmeriCares and donating to last year’s hurricane victims.

Advertisement

Jennifer Aniston has yet to publicly comment on the rumors surrounding Justin Theroux’s very active dating life.

