www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/celebrities-show-thanksgiving-feasts-wish-6909512

Zoe Shenton

Celebrities show off Thanksgiving feasts and wish fans a happy holiday

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Celebrities have flocked to social media to share pictures of their incredible Thanksgiving feasts.

The Kardashians led the way with photos of their tasty looking treats, with Khloe sharing a picture of a table heaving with flowers, candles and lots of expensive looking china as she took up hosting duties this year.

“The key to contentment lies solely in being thankful for what one has been blessed with. Stop looking at what you don’t have and pay attention to the blessings around you. Manifest beauty in your life.

"Only then will one be blessed with more. Happy Thanksgiving my loves,” the reality star wrote next to the picture.

Model Chrissy Teigen also took to Instagram to post a series of photos as she prepared a huge meal.

The foodie, who was joined by husband John and their families, made sweet potato streusel pies and cooked two turkeys for the occasion.

"Roasting a turkey just for gravy! The only downside to deep frying one is having no juices and crispy bits for gravy but oh well, two turkeys plus the experience of shoving herb garlic butter into every nook possible makes it all worth it,” she wrote next to a video of her stuffing a huge turkey.

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

New parents Jessa Duggar and Ben Seewald wrote about how grateful they are to have welcomed their son Spurgeon into the world.

"This Thanksgiving, one of the things we are grateful for is our precious little son, Spurgeon Elliot," they shared on their website. "This Thanksgiving we are so happy to be parents!”

Scream Queens actress Emma Roberts shared a sultry as she sat at a lavish looking dinner table.

"The opposite of what I actually look like on Thanksgiving hope everyone is happy and full and surrounded by love! Happy Thanksgiving,” she wrote alongside it.

While One Direction star Liam Payne sent wishes to fans across the pond with a silly snap of him in oven gloves and a polka dot red and white apron.

"Happy Thanksgiving to all our US fans!"

Katherine Jenkins and her other half, who is from New York, weren't content with just the one turkey, so cooked two.

"Turkey-off! Happy Thanksgiving everyone," she wrote next to a picture of two huge birds that had just come out of the oven.

Pop star Ariana Grande also took to Twitter to wish her fans a happy holiday, writing: "Happy Thanksgiving! Sending lots of love to y'all and your families.

"Cherish them. SO much to be grateful for every day, not just today. "

