www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/03/drake-jennifer-lopez-alex-rodriguez-more-life-album

Condé Nast, Kenzie Bryan

Drake, Jennifer Lopez, and Alex Rodriguez: The Lopsided Love Triangle

At the close of 2016, plenty was up in the air, from the future of the country to what rapper Drake and multi-hyphenate Jennifer Lopez meant by posting his-and-her selfies on Instagram. Did the photos of them cuddling signify that they were dating, or were they just collaborating on new music? How much could one read into reports that they spent New Year’s together, and he was buying her at least one of the rocks that she got? And how did this all end so that she could embark on a new relationship with fellow New York City treasure Alex Rodriguez?

Now, there are some answers: Drake dropped his album More Life on Saturday night, and E.W. reports that Lopez is all over it, but not on it exactly. “Get It Together,” which first “leaked” to the public when TMZ published videos of J.Lo and Drake at a prom-themed party, dancing to the song, sounded as though it featured Lopez’s vocals. British singer Jorja Smith is the one singing on the final version, though.

More pointedly still, “Teenage Fever” samples the entire hook from “If You Had My Love,” Lopez’s 1999 hit from her first album, On the 6, but slows it down so it’s more somber. Is that a dig? Or is that the collaboration part that they were hinting at all along?

The most pointed reference to Jenny from the Block arrived on the opening track “Free Smoke,” in which he raps, “Miraval to the face” (i.e., Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie’s shared wine label that specializes in rosé), followed by, “I drunk text J. Lo / Old number so it bounce back.” How perfectly Drake that he learns he’s been rejected by Lopez via a passive number change while tipsy on rosé. Almost too Drake, really.

This was the problem all along. The stories circling these two were on the nose, a little too convenient for drumming up album excitement. Their matching intimate Instagrams arrived too suddenly with not enough confirmed clarity from either camp.

Drake’s feelings could be genuinely hurt, leading to him cutting Lopez out of the album. He also could have pivoted to fit the public narrative when nobody bought that they were together. Or the amount of J.Lo on the album now could have been the plan all along. We don’t know. But what we do know is that Lopez officially denied the relationship almost two weeks before More Life landed. During her Shades of Blue media blitz in early March, she told The Daily Show’s Trevor Noah, “Let me clear this up. I am not with Drake. Maybe that’s all I need to say.”

The next day was the Instagram double-tap heard round the world, and Page Six confirmed that Alex Rodriguez and Lopez were dating.

The tone of this relationship is more fitting and authentic. Lopez is neither hiding their time spent together—they’ve been seen out at dinner around Miami and in the Bahamas—nor is she promoting the new coupling on her own feeds.

On Saturday, right before More Life dropped, she arrived at the Yankee training camp in Florida to reportedly watch the retired Bronx bomber from a private box. By now, it’s very much, “Drake who?”

Vanity Fair has reached out to Lopez for comment on the album.

