https://web.archive.org/web/20180517003239/http://www.newscrane.com:80/nicole-kidman-leaving-keith-urban-met-with-lawyer-katie-holmes-used-in-tom-cruise-divorce/

Please Enter Your Name Here

Nicole Kidman Leaving Keith Urban-Met With Lawyer Katie Holmes Used In Tom Cruise Divorce?

Nicole Kidman Leaving Keith Urban-Met With Lawyer Katie Holmes Used In Tom Cruise Divorce?

“ Nicole Kidman Leaving Keith Urban- Met With Lawyer Katie Holmes Used In Tom Cruise Divorce ”?:‘ Nicole Kidman ’ did not meet with lawyer who represented Katie Holmes in her divorce from Tom Cruise, despite a false tabloid report claiming the actress is ready to leave her husband ‘ Keith Urban ’. Gossip Cop can unleash this statement exclusively. A representative of the actress tells us it’s made.

According to Women’s Day, the actress recently met with Jonathan Wolfe, the high profile lawyer who helped Holmes get custody of his daughter Suri in 2012. The so-called “source” tells the magazine that Kidman has not officially requested divorce papers. Of Wolfe, but she consulted with him “to know where she was” should decide to end her marriage.

“ Nicole Kidman Leaving Keith Urban- Met With Lawyer Katie Holmes ”?:The store’s questionable source says, “ Nicole ” was extremely impressed with how Katie’s divorce and custody battle was handled, and she really liked Jonathan. She feels confident that he could help her win, no matter how unpleasant she may be. “The supposed person said that the couple’s friends are” expecting them to be able to solve “their problems, but a separation may be on the horizon.

“ Nicole Kidman Leaving Keith Urban ”?: The unreliable tabloid hides behind an anonymous informant, but Kidman’s spokesman tells Gossip Cop that there is no truth in the story. We’re told the couple’s marriage is strong. It is also important to note, the publication never bothered to mention the implications of Kidman and Urban’s alleged marital problems. They are said to “fight constantly,” but the seemingly imaginary source gives no further details.

Last month, People published an article detailing “Kidman” and ‘ Urban’s’ “secrets to a healthy and enduring relationship.” The story was based on a handful of recent interviews in which the 12-year-old spouses talked about maintaining a strong bond. Just three weeks ago, for example, Urban talked about his wife and children during a SXWS panel.

