www.teenvogue.com/story/selena-gomez-thrilled-done-justin-bieber

Condé Nast, Zoë Weine

Selena Gomez Is Reportedly Done With Justin Bieber for Good

Selena Gomez is officially sick of that same old love.

The singer is reportedly moving on from Justin Bieber, seemingly for real this time, and sources say she is "thrilled" about it.

"Selena started seeing the bigger picture when it came to their relationship," a source told Us Weekly of the most recent split/time apart in March. "Like what was more important: her general happiness and her family and friends's approval, or her being together with Justin, where no one really supported their relationship."

When Justin and Selena rekindled their on-again, off-again romance last fall, her mom, Mandy Teefey, was openly unsupportive. In an interview shortly after the pair got back together, she said she was "not happy" with the relationship. But she then acknowledged that "Selena can live her life however she wants as long as she is happy, safe and healthy. She is 25 years old and knows what is at stake with her health. I do not control her the way it has been portrayed. Selena is an adult and can make her own choices."

Now, though, Selena has reportedly made the choice to say "it ain't me" for good, and move on from Justin. "She obviously chose happiness and her friends and family and is so thrilled about her decision-making process," the source told Us. "She feels more empowered than ever and is looking forward to this next chapter."

So what might that next chapter entail? For one thing, she has a new song launching on Friday, called "Back 2 You" from Season 2 of 13 Reasons Why. Fans have been under the impression that the jam was penned about the Biebs due to a recent curious Instagram. But based on this new information it may not quite be the case anymore.

Let us slide into your DMs. Sign up for the Teen Vogue daily email.

Want more from Teen Vogue? Check this out: Kylie Jenner and Selena Gomez Put Old Feud Rumors to Rest With a Cute Met Gala Selfie

