www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5226255/Kim-Kardashian-Kanye-West-look-happier-ever.html

Becky Freeth For Mailonline

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West look happier than ever

She resolved to 'be more in the moment' in 2018 and stop using her phone so much.

Yet Kim Kardashian couldn't resist capturing the moment she rang in the New Year with her husband Kanye West on Sunday evening, and sharing it with her 105million Instagram followers.

The self-confessed selfie addict completed the countdown to midnight with a kiss in front of the camera, as they celebrated at a club among glamorous friends.

Scroll down for video

Kisses for the Mrs: Kim Kardashian shared her New Year's kiss with Kanye West on Sunday night, as they welcomed 2018 together

Kim looked like an ice princess with her sharp, bleached bob, which matched her off-the-shoulder dress.

Clearly smitten, Kanye shot a rare smile for the camera as pals including Larsa Pippen gathered to count down and wish each other a 'Happy New Year'.

Just last week, Kim declared that she was going to use her mobile less, saying: 'My New Year's resolution is to be on my phone less and be more in the moment.'

Be more 'in the moment': Despite vowing to put down her phone in 2018, Kim didn't exactly start as she meant to go on

Party people: She proceeded to film the midnight countdown with her friends at a club

The final countdown: The celebration was captured for Kim's millions of followers

She went on to say: 'My 2018 fitness goal is I plan to train really hard and be more consistent, five to six days a week weight training with Melissa.'

2018 will be the year that their family of four becomes five when they welcome a third child via surrogate.

And expectant parents Kim and Kanye couldn't have looked more smitten with one another, ahead of an exciting period ahead.

During their family Christmas, Kim shared one of their last family pictures featuring just the four of them.

Among friends: Kim was pictured partying with BFF Larsa Pippen

Not sticking to it: Kim has only just resolved to put down her phone and be 'more in the moment'

The family were enjoying the festivities at Kim's moirther Kris Jenner's star-studded Christmas Eve soiree.

Proud dad Kanye, 40, was seen carrying their son Saint, two, while Kim balanced four-year-old daughter North on her hip.

The reality star simultaneously shared her excitement at meeting the family's latest addition.

Writing on her blog, she was saying that she's looking 'forward to our new baby girl coming!'

Just the four of us: Kim - here with Kanye and children Saint and North - shared a sweet family snap over Christmas, which will be one of their last as a four-piece family as they anticipate the arrival of a baby girl

Family of five: The reality star, 37, posted the touching festive image as she opened up on her excitement at meeting the family's latest addition via her blog

New year's resolution: This is the moment Kim declared she would be 'more in the moment' in 2018 and put down her beloved phone to focus on her family

Make-up queen! 'The KKW Beauty product I'm most excited about for 2018 ... lipsticks!!!!' another image said, surrounding an image of the blonde haired beauty

With it, she shared an image from her gorgeous cherry blossom-themed baby shower.

She'd drawn hearts around the women - which included mother Kris and grandmother MJ - and heavily underlined words on the photograph.

Kim spent the month of December teasing Kardashian holiday photos on Instagram, only to delete the entire series from her account days after Christmas.

Hours later, Kim claimed on Twitter that deleting all Instagram traces of the notorious card 'Was always the plan. I archieved (sic) them so my instagram feed vibe is back'.

Cuties: Kim spent the month of December teasing Kardashian holiday photos on Instagram, only to delete the entire series from her account days after Christmas

Noticeably absent from the festive images were pregnant sister Kylie Jenner, 20, and reclusive Rob Kardashian, 30.

Kim's sister Khloe, 33, finally confirmed her first pregnancy with basketball player Tristan Thompson, 26, two weeks ago.

Kylie has stayed largely out of the spotlight since rumours began to swirl that she's expecting her first child with boyfriend Travis Scott, 26.

Making his mark! 2017 marked the first time Kanye has appeared in the Kardashian holiday card since he started dating Kim back in 2012

