www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4194308/Nicole-Kidman-write-tell-autobiography.html

Monique Friedlander For Daily Mail Australia

Nicole Kidman will 'write a tell-all autobiography'

She's the notoriously private actress with a career that has spanned almost thirty years.

And Nicole Kidman, 49, is now rumoured to be lifting the lid on her well-guarded private life by penning a 'tell-all autobiography'.

According to Woman's Day, the Lion actress could earn up to $11 million in sales after releasing the supposed memoir.

Scroll down for video

Will she finally open up? Nicole Kidman, 49, is rumoured to be lifting the lid on her well-guarded private life by penning a 'tell-all autobiography'

Fans would be especially interested in learning more about Nicole's 2001 divorce from Tom Cruise, an avid Scientologist.

'Even now, Nicole is still haunted by how things came to such a nasty end,' a Woman's Day insider revealed.

'But she's worked through things in therapy, and I believe telling her side of the story would be even more healing.'

Will she give the inside scoop? Fans would be especially interested in learning more about Nicole's 2001 divorce from Tom Cruise, an avid Scientologist

'I've chosen not to speak publicly': Previously, Nicole has made a point of keeping her experiences with the Church of Scientology a secret

Previously, Nicole has made a point of keeping her experiences with the Church of Scientology a secret, telling E! News: 'I've chosen not to speak publicly about Scientology. I have two children who are Scientologists—Connor and Isabella — and I utterly respect their beliefs.'

Nicole's account of her husband Keith Urban's drug struggles would no doubt also spark the interest of readers.

Country musician Keith has made no secret of how instrumental Nicole was to him kicking his drug addiction, telling Woman's Day that his wife 'saved' him by staging an intervention in 2006, just months after their nuptials.

'You can't save somebody': Nicole's account of her husband Keith Urban's drug struggles would no doubt also spark the interest of readers

'You can't save somebody, they've got to save themselves,' Kidman said during an appearance with The Jess Cagle Interview last year.

'Which is a very big thing for people like me who go, 'I can take care of you. I can do it'. It's a massive lesson because as much as I thought I can do all the work for him, I can make him better, I can take it away, I can help,' she continued.

'At some point you just have to say, 'I love you and I'm here when you decide to do the work. And if you don't, then that's it'.

Family secrets? Nicole's memoir would not be complete without an inside look at her relationship with adopted children Connor (pictured) and Bella, both of whom are devoted Scientologists.

Nicole's memoir would not be complete without an inside look at her relationship with adopted children Connor and Bella, both of whom are devoted Scientologists.

Last year, Bella hit back at claims she and her mother had a 'strained relationship', telling New Idea: 'Of course we talk, they're my parents', adding, anyone who says otherwise is 'full of s***.'

Meanwhile, fans are no doubt wondering whether Nicole will delve into the list of her rumoured former flames, which includes the likes of Q-Tip, Adrien Brody, Ewan McGregor and Lenny Kravitz.

Rumoured romances: Meanwhile, fans are no doubt wondering whether Nicole will delve into the list of her rumoured former flames, including Lenny Kravitz

History: Nicole may also delve into the nature of her relationship with Moulin Rouge co-star Ewan McGregor

It's not the first time Nicole has made headlines for supposedly penning a tell-all novel, however.

Late last year, rumours spread that Nicole was in the midst of writing an explosive book about her marriage to Tom Cruise.

'There’s no doubt she has plenty of insight about the religion and how it affected her marriage to Tom and her children,' a source told InTouch Weekly in December.

