metro.co.uk/2018/08/04/katie-holmes-and-jamie-foxx-kiss-in-public-for-first-time-on-romantic-beach-date-7798486/

Alicia Adejobi

Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx kiss in public for first time on beach date

Don’t worry Katie, Jamie’s got your back (Picture: PPLOS/The Mega Agency)

If you needed any confirmation that Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx are a definitely couple, then it’s right here.

The loved-up pair enjoyed a beach date in Malibu on Friday and couldn’t help but pack on the PDA, sharing their first public kiss.

So adorable.

Katie, 39, did not wipe the smile off her face as she frolicked and cuddled the Oscar-winning actor in front of fellow beachgoers. Proving to be quite the playful couple, Jamie, 50, at one point is seen scooping the Kennedys actress into his arms and bending her over his arms before collapsing onto the floor.

While Jamie is usually the life and soul of the party, Katie took the chance to entertain the comedian by doing cartwheels across the sand and pulling gymnastic poses.

Get a beach, guys (PPLOS/ The Mega Agency)

After battling each other at a game of volleyball, the smitten couple were then pictured laying on a blanket and kissing, marking a rare moment of affection for the notoriously private couple.

Advertisement

Advertisement

The lovebirds later watched the stunning ocean view while sipping cups of champagne which they brought along with their picnic. Date goals!

Katie and Jamie are believed to have been dating for five years but photos of them together have only emerged in the past year. Perhaps their most high-profile outing to date, the couple sat together at Clive Davis’ Pre-Grammys Awards Gala in February and were the picture of romantic bliss.

It is alleged that Katie was keen to keep their romance under wraps following her widely-publicised divorce from ex-husband Tom Cruise in 2012.

No doubt Katie and Jamie relished in some alone time given their busy family life and work schedules. Katie is mother to 11-year-old daughter Suri, whom she shares with Tom, while Jamie is a father to daughters Corinne, 24, and nine-year-old Annalise, from previous relationships.

The happy date photos appear to shoot down recent reports that Katie and Jamie had split.

A recent report by Radar Online claimed the relationship had ended due to ‘trust issues’. Although they have never confirmed their romance, a rep for Katie told People that the reports of a break-up ‘100 percent untrue’.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Jamie Foxx won’t face charges after woman claimed actor ‘struck her in the face with his penis’

MORE: Katie Holmes is all smiles with daughter Suri amid Jamie Foxx split rumours

