www.aceshowbiz.com/news/view/00097746.html



Kylie Jenner and PARTYNEXTDOOR Spotted 'Making Out' at Drake's Party

Celebrity

The 18-year-old star and the Canada-born rapper were caught kissing and 'making out' at Drizzy's Memorial Day house party on Monday, May 30.

Jun 1, 2016

AceShowbiz - Things between %cKylie Jenner% and %cPARTYNEXTDOOR% seem to be heating up. The two fueled rumors that they're dating after they were caught getting cozy at %cDrake%'s Memorial Day house party on Monday, May 30.

A woman who also attended the party took to social media to reveal that the 18-year-old star and the Canadian rapper got affectionate during the party. She said that the two were acting like a couple as they mingled with some friends.

At one point, the "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" star and the 22-year-old musician were seen kissing and making out. "They were all over each other, kissing and making out," said the source. "It was almost like she was trying to make a statement."

Another source told HollywoodLife.com, "Kylie was cute. She had this air about herself the way she was swinging her hair and walking about at the pool. She definitely thought she was the s*** and was tugging onto PND like he was the hottest dude at the party. He had his hand on her ass the whole time."

"Honestly, most of the girls there were older than her and didn't care about her," the source continued. "She must have felt that energy and that's when she turned it up a notch, twerking on PND, kissing on him; and at one point he even picked her up while kissing her. They got their life at the party. They really did."

Kylie sparked rumors that she had a romantic relationship with the rapper just days after she broke up with %cTyga%. On Saturday, the LipKit founder posted on Snapchat a video of PND playing a piano as he sang, "Kylie oh Kylie."

Video kiriman Kylie Jenner Snapchats (@kylizzlesnapchats) pada Mei 28, 2016 pada 9:50 PDT

The video came one day after Kylie accused PND of hiding her because he previously uploaded a video of themselves going bowling and imediately deleted it. "You not only hide me, you delete me," Kylie said in a video. "No I don't man, I'm protecting you," PND responded.

Video kiriman WorldstarHipHop (@worldstar) pada Mei 28, 2016 pada 9:59 PDT

