www.vanityfair.com/style/2018/07/dina-lohan-drops-more-details-on-lindsays-upcoming-reality-show

Condé Nast, Erika Harwoo

Dina Lohan Drops More Details on Lindsay’s Upcoming Reality Show

It was a humid 84 degrees in Bridgehampton on Saturday, but that didn’t stop a crowd of people from descending upon Topping Rose House for Jill Zarin’s annual luncheon. The former Real Housewife of New York, ran around the grounds in an A-line Carolina Herrera dress, posing on the step-and-repeat, taking photos with fans, and catching up with old friends. Trying to track her down for an interview turned into a scavenger hunt.

Scattered around the lawn were tables for vendors selling everything from wine to sex toys. There was a station for guests to get a vitamin infusion, with seats in the direct line of the sun transforming the spot into an inescapable sauna-I.V. drip hybrid. Housewives from across the country flew into town for the occasion (Vicki Gunvalson of Orange County and LeeAnne Locken of Dallas), which also served as a benefit for Thyroid Cancer Research in honor of Zarin’s late husband, Bobby, who died of the disease in January.

Upon first try to flag Zarin down for a couple of questions, she sent over her daughter, Ally Shapiro, in her stead. Shapiro reflected on last year’s luncheon, when her stepfather was still struggling with cancer, but encouraged her and her mother to party on.

“He loved drinking and partying. This was the highlight of his year,” she said. “It was this time last year that we were told he wasn’t gonna make it another week, and he pushed us and he said, ‘Go to the party. Maybe I won’t be here when you come back, but go.’”

Shapiro, who now lives in London while she works on her master’s degree, admits that she can’t watch old episodes of Real Housewives, which showed her as 14-year-old struggling to get close to her stepfather. “You want to think that it’s like a home movie, but it’s not. That’s not what our relationship was like,” she said, adding that the reruns play constantly in the U.K. “I’m walking down the street and someone’s like, ‘Oh my God, I just saw you trying on a prom dress!’”

She also said that her mother is dabbling with dating, specifically with a man she plays tennis with. “It’s fun, and I live in London so it’s good for her to have a distraction.”

Dina Lohan, dressed in a metallic green blazer and shorts set and a pair of oversized aviators, arrived fashionably late to the affair, but was immediately greeted by hoards of people trying to chat her up or get a photo. Eventually secured in the same spot for more than a few seconds, she was willing to talk about her daughter Lindsay’s upcoming project for MTV, a Vanderpump Rules–inspired reality show that follows Lindsay and the employees of her new Lohan Beach Club. Bunim/Murray Productions is producing the series, the same company that produced Lohan’s E! reality show Living Lohan a decade ago.

“These kids were like, babies, and now they’re running the show,” she said of the crew. “They lived in my house! And now they’re all corporate. . . . We’re home. It’s cyclical, you know.”

Lohan also revealed that the upcoming series is a bit of a family affair with Lindsay’s younger sister, 24-year-old Ali, providing the theme song.

A friend of Lohan’s interjected, asking if Ali, like her older sister over a decade ago, had moved out to L.A. for work.

“She’s in New York with me,” the matriarch answered. “I keep them close! I’m not going to lose someone to L.A., no. Not again!”

Finally, the woman of the hour managed to stop and take a breath. While Zarin may no longer be a Bravo housewife, she still knows how to schmooze like one. She’s been keeping up with the latest season of the show here and there, and even received a good-luck message from Luann de Lesseps, who checked into rehab earlier in the month, wishing her good luck on the event. Having brought me up to speed, Zarin closed our conversation with a plug for her new line of “pet-proof, gorgeous, and inexpensive” rugs, aptly titled Jill Zarin Rugs. Because once a housewife, always a housewife.

