radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/07/michael-strahan-furious-alex-rodriguez-stole-tv-spotlight/

Radar Staff, July

Michael Strahan 'Furious' Alex Rodriguez Stole TV Spotlight

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

New Feud! Michael Strahan 'Furious' Alex Rodriguez Stole His TV Spotlight Athlete-turned-host feels 'overshadowed' by baseball great.

Take a seat on the bench, Michael Strahan! Now it’s A-Rod who’s getting all the playing time on TV.

“Alex Rodriguez is everywhere!” an insider exclusively told RadarOnline.com. “Michael is feeling overshadowed — even though he’s six-foot-five!”

According to sources, A-Rod’s goal is to unseat Strahan as the “top jock” on the tube — and his ambition has the former football great watching his blind side.

“They both have massive egos,” the source spilled. “Michael is seething that all anybody talks about is A-Rod.”

The once-disgraced Yankee All-Star, 43, is FOX Sports’ lead MLB analyst. He also is a judge on “Shark Tank” — and ABC stunned Strahan when they named Alex a contributor to “Good Morning America,” without his input.

“Michael was irate,” a source spilled. “He immediately felt threatened that Alex is being groomed to replace him.”

Of course, Strahan, 46, should be used to sneaky end-arounds.

In April 2016, he shocked his “Live!” co-host Kelly Ripa, informing her he was leaving the show for “GMA” mere minutes before they went live.

“He knows how cutthroat TV can be,” the source spilled.

But ABC doesn’t seem to care Rodriguez’s reputation is a train wreck compared to squeaky-clean Strahan. Rodriguez was heading for baseball’s Hall of Fame until he was caught using steroids and suspended for the entire 2014 season.

Now, sources report, A-Rod is trying to use TV stardom to rebuild his tarnished legacy — and doesn’t care who he has to climb over to achieve his goal!

“Michael can’t believe the image renovation Alex has gotten on TV,” the source spilled. “He used to be hated. Now Michael is telling pals Alex is set to replace him!”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

