pagesix.com/2018/06/13/angelina-jolie-at-risk-of-losing-primary-custody-of-kids/

June

Angelina Jolie at risk of losing primary custody of kids

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Angelina Jolie is at risk of losing primary physical custody of her kids with Brad Pitt if she doesn’t take steps to improve their relationship with their father.

A judge in the couple’s ongoing divorce case said the six children “not having a relationship with their father is harmful to them,” adding that “it is critical that each of them have a healthy and strong relationship with their father and mother,” according to court documents obtained by The Blast.

The judge also ordered the “Maleficent” actress to provide her kids with cellphones that Pitt can call whenever he’d like without Jolie monitoring. She’s also not allowed to read their text messages with their father.

The court also laid out a summer schedule for each of the children except Maddox, who is old enough to decide how much time he wants to spend with Pitt, the documents read.

Pitt will have custody from June 8 to June 17 for four hours per day while he stays in London, where Jolie is renting a house. Pitt has to designate one or two of the minor children to spend time with at a time. The “Ocean’s 13” star also has to spend time with each child at least twice during this 10-day period.

Jolie is barred from being present during or interfering with Pitt’s custodial time, the documents said.

Pitt will also have custody of his kids from July 8 through July 14, when a doctor will be required to be present and will meet with the kids before and after each two-day period. Pitt was once accused of child abuse but was ultimately cleared.

From July 21 through July 29, Pitt will resume custody of the kids when he’s back in California.

“If the minor children remain closed down to their father and depending on the circumstances surrounding this condition, it may result in a reduction of the time they spend with [Jolie] and may result in the Court ordering primary physical custody to [Pitt],” the documents read.

“This misleading leak is not in the best interests of the children,” a spokesperson for Angelina Jolie told Page Six in a statement. “From the start, Angelina has been focused only on their health and needs, which is why it was so important that this last court hearing be conducted privately. It’s deplorable that someone, for their own selfish reasons, leaked selective portions of the confidential and sealed court record to create an inaccurate and unfair picture of what is really happening.”

