www.hellomagazine.com/healthandbeauty/mother-and-baby/2017042238319/Beyonce-stuns-pregnancy-photo-defies-internet-trolls/



Beyonce stuns in new pregnancy photo after shock comments by trolls

Beyonce is known for her incredible music and beautiful looks, and as the star expects twins with husband Jay Z, she is looking more radiant than ever. So it came as a huge shock to her fans this week, when some internet trolls made nasty comments about her weight on Twitter, branding her ‘fat’ in photographs of the star leaving a Hollywood party. Resilient as ever, Beyonce, 35, has fought back by posting a photo of herself looking fantastic on her Instagram page.

A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Apr 21, 2017 at 10:25pm PDT

The new photo of the Crazy In Love singer shows her posing in over-the-knee boots and a stunning baby pink dress as she places a hand on her growing bump. Beyonce looks gorgeous with her hair braided and drop earrings, shades and a clutch bag. The star appeared healthy and happy, with followers complimenting her on her amazing appearance. One fan wrote: “Beautiful. Flawless. Fabulous. Perfect. Queen.” Another posted: “Like I always say, @Beyonce is a standard. She sets the bar high no matter what she does.” While a third asked the question: “Like will any of us be this fabulous when pregnant?”

READ: Beyoncé and Jay Z's wedding anniversary celebrations at the Grand Canyon: see all the photos

Beyonce and Jay Z started dating in 2001 and together are parents to daughter Blue Ivy. Their twins are due this summer. The singer made her baby announcement on Instagram at the start of the year. "We would like to share our love and happiness," she captioned a photo of herself holding her baby bump in front of a wall of flowers. "We have been blessed two times over. We are incredibly grateful that our family will be growing by two, and we thank you for your well wishes. - The Carters."

VIEW GALLERY

Beyonce and Jay Z at their wedding

In February, Beyonce had to pull out of appearing at American music festival Coachella after doctors advised her to to keep a "less rigorous" schedule while pregnant with twins. A statement read: "Following advice of doctors to keep a less rigorous schedule, Beyonce has made the decision to forgo performing at the 2017 Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival. However, Goldenvoice and Parkwood are pleased to confirm that she will be a headliner at the 2018 festival. Thank you for your understanding."

