www.irishmirror.ie/showbiz/celebrity-news/bruce-jenner-sex-change-nails-3047306

Lucy Buckland, Image, Splash

Is EVERYONE in the family copying Kim? Now Bruce Jenner shows rather feminine nails

Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Even Olympic heroes need perfect nails.

And newly single Bruce Jenner put the MAN in MANicure as he went shopping at a surf shack in Malibu. With his longish hair teased into a ponytail and his impeccable man nails, we are starting to think perhaps the former athlete is taking a few grooming tips from step daughter Kim Kardashian.

The 64-year-old is no stranger to taking pride in his appearance - since splitting from Kris Jenner he has grown his hair longer and had various "treatments" over the years.



(Image: Splash)

There was the announcement Bruce wanted to have his Adam’s Apple shaved down.

Radar said Bruce has been "rocking" the delicate look for some time. Those eagle eyed fans spotted on Sunday night’s episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians, which was filmed before his October split from Kris, his nails looked odd.

One fan tweeted: "Bruce Jenner has his nails painted, and is wearing a pony tail and bobby pins. Let that sit with you for a minute. #KUWTK."

(Image: Splash)

It isn't only Bruce who is taking influence from Kim, sister Khloe pinched Kim's figure-hugging white outfit - apparently straight out of her wardrobe.

The 29-year-old reality beauty posted a photo montage of her wearing a white ribbed crop top and white clinging pencil skirt to her 7, 593, 886 Instagram followers on Saturday.

And it's pretty much an identical look to the one Kimmy K wore when she and hubby-to-be Kanye West went out for dinner to Mr Chow in Beverly Hills a week ago.

While Kim teamed hers with a pair of snakeskin strappy sandals and matching bag, Khloe ramped up the glam factor with chunky gold jewels, cream jacket, white heels, and a head of bouncy curls.

