www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/two-years-on-here-s-why-the-brad-pitt-angelina-jolie-divorce-isn-t-final-yet/story-mJT63HSPD2dvK9UGewbqwN.html

Ht Correspondent

Two years on, here’s why the Brad Pitt-Angelina Jolie divorce isn’t final yet

hollywood

Updated: May 29, 2018 11:27 IST

Angelina Jolie abruptly split from her partner of 12 years and husband of two, Brad Pitt, in September 2016. But their divorce still isn’t final, a new report says, because they still haven’t agreed to terms about their six children.

According to E! News, Jolie is resentful of Pitt for essentially locking her down in Los Angeles, because he’s chosen a film that will be shot in LA to be near his kids. Jolie, meanwhile, had planned on taking them to Europe. “Brad is opposed to that and is blocking it from happening. Brad will be filming in LA for the summer and wants to see the kids on his regular custody schedule,” a source told E.

He currently sees his children - Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Knox and Vivienne - a few times a week. Jolie, according to the report, is ‘furious’ at the situation.

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie split in September 2016. ( Shutterstock )

Jolie recently took Shiloh and Zahara to Jordan to visit a refugee camp in January, and later travelled to Paris with all of her children. “Angelina has been in London and is free to travel for shorter periods of time,” the source says. “Brad isn’t opposed to that. But she can’t leave with the kids for several months.”

Jolie had initially filed for sole physical custody of the kids, but in November 2016, Pitt filed for joint custody. By December, they’d reached a temporary agreement, after the FBI concluded their investigation of Pitt regarding an alleged incident of child abuse on a private plane. No charges were filed and Pitt was cleared.

Pitt opened up about the custody battle in his 2017 interview to GQ Style, his first since the split. “I was really on my back and chained to a system when Child Services was called,” he said. “And you know, after that, we’ve been able to work together to sort this out. We’re both doing our best. I heard one lawyer say, ‘No one wins in court—it’s just a matter of who gets hurt worse.’ And it seems to be true, you spend a year just focused on building a case to prove your point and why you’re right and why they’re wrong, and it’s just an investment in vitriolic hatred. I just refuse. And fortunately my partner in this agrees. It’s just very, very jarring for the kids, to suddenly have their family ripped apart.”

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie take their children Pax, Zahara and Shiloh to a park in Budapest, Hungary in 2010. ( Shutterstock )

An US Weekly report goes on to say that Pitt is committed to staying in LA, even if that means staying away from his rumoured new girlfriend, the MIT professor, Neri Oxman. “Brad and Neri are still very much in each other’s lives, although not as much as he would like,” the US Weekly source said.

But without even a draft of the settlement being written by either side, it just goes to show ‘how at odds they continue to be,’ the report continued.

Follow @htshowbiz for more

