www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4957996/Amal-Clooney-displays-post-baby-body-tight-tank-top.html

Ryan Smith For Mailonline

Amal Clooney displays her post-baby body in tight tank top

She became a first-time mother in early June, when she and husband George Clooney welcomed the birth of their twins, Ella and Alexander.

And Amal Clooney continued to show just how quickly she's bounced back to her slender form on Friday, when she stepped out in casual style in Beverly Hills.

The 39-year-old human rights lawyer looked sensational as she ran errands around the upscale locale in a tight black tank top teamed with ripped cuffed jeans.

Scroll down for video

Stepping out: Amal Clooney was spotted running errands in Beverly Hills, California, on Friday

The Beirut-born beauty added an extra touch of pizzazz to her ensemble with a pair of silver platform shoes, while she carried a large beige leather handbag.

Her raven tresses were styled in voluminous waves, which fell beyond her shoulders, while she opted to shield her eyes with a pair of tinted oversized sunglasses.

Highlighting her natural beauty with a light dusting of makeup, she kept things low-key as she zipped between appointments during her busy day.

Looking sensational: The 39-year-old human rights lawyer looked sensational as she stepped out in a tight black tank top teamed with ripped cuffed jeans

The night before, Amal put on a glamorous display when she attended the William Vintage & Farfetch Unveiling of the Gianni Versace Archive in Los Angeles.

Mingling with such well-heeled guests as actress Isla Fisher, the mother-of-two wowed as arrived at the hot ticket bash in a flattering metallic dress.

Her husband George, 56, said in a recent interview with The Daily Mail that he may be a little sleep deprived after Amal gave birth to their twins on June 6 in London.

‘They don’t cry,’ he said proudly. ‘I cry more than they do. I cry four times a day right now, because I’m so tired. Hey, remember back when you were single, before you didn’t have to worry about keeping people alive? Wasn’t that great?'

Yummy mummy: The night before, she wowed when she attended the Farfetch and William Vintage Celebrate Gianni Versace Archive in Los Angeles with Isla Fisher

New parents: Amal gave birth to Alexander and Ella in London on June 6; seen with her husband George Clonney in September at the 74th Venice Film Festival

George admitted that his new role as a father isn't so simple, but he gives the highest praise to his bride of nearly three years.

‘All they want to do is eat, so I have nothing to give them except a bottle once in a while (expertly, he crooks his elbow to mimic picking up and feeding an infant) and they’re happy about that, but it’s mostly Amal for them at the moment,' Clooney said. 'I don’t even really understand what’s going on.

‘And I have such admiration for my wife because she’s breastfeeding them and getting about two hours of sleep per interval, and the love they have for her is a sight to see and it’s beautiful.’

Praise: George admitted that his new role as a father isn't so simple, but he gives the highest praise to his wife of nearly three years; seen at the 74th Venice Film Festival in September

While Clooney stayed focused on building his incredible career, the actor admitted that he could have never predicted where he would be today.

'All of this is icing on the cake,’ he said. ‘Look, I’m 56 years old and I didn’t think it was going to happen for me. I thought my life would be focused on my career, not relationships, and I’d sort of accepted that.

‘And then I met Amal and I thought, "Well, I have this incredible relationship, this is wonderful." And then... all of a sudden we have these two knuckleheads around who make me laugh every day.'

Clooney directed his latest film Suburbicon, which premieres November 24 and stars Matt Damon and Julianne Moore.

