www.usatoday.com/story/life/people/2018/06/24/david-lynch-trump-guardian-greatest-history/729089002/



David Lynch says Trump won't be a great president if he continues down current path

Carly Mallenbaum

USA TODAY

Director David Lynch says a well-circulated quote from his interview with Britain's Guardian about President Trump's place in history has been taken out of context and "needs some explaining."

In the story, published over the weekend, Lynch told the newspaper that Trump "could go down as one of the greatest presidents in history because he has disrupted the thing so much." He added, "No one is able to counter this guy in an intelligent way."

His remarks stood out in a week when celebrities roundly criticized the president over his immigration policy calling for the separation of immigrant parents and children at the U.S.-Mexico border. Trump even referenced them Monday night during a rally in South Carolina.

But despite Trump's claim that Lynch, "a Hollywood guy," had endorsed his performance as president, Lynch had actually been trying to point out how Trump's election and administration had put a spotlight on the inefficiency of government. (“Our so-called leaders can’t take the country forward, can’t get anything done. Like children, they are. Trump has shown all this,” Lynch told The Guardian.)

In a Facebook post published Tuesday, the "Twin Peaks creator addressed Trump directly, saying he wished they "could sit down and have a talk."

He warned the president, "If you continue as you have been, you will not have a chance to go down in history as a great president. This would be very sad it seems for you – and for the country. You are causing suffering and division."

Lynch continued, "It’s not too late to turn the ship around. Point our ship toward a bright future for all. You can unite the country. Your soul will sing. Under great loving leadership, no one loses – everybody wins. It’s something I hope you think about and take to heart. All you need to do is treat all the people as you would like to be treated."

More:David Lynch goes home again to 'Twin Peaks'

