www.celebritynetworth.com/richest-celebrities/actors/elizabeth-banks-net-worth/



Elizabeth Banks Net Worth

Elizabeth Banks Net Worth and salary: Elizabeth Banks is an American actress, producer and director who has a net worth of $50 million. As an actor, Elizabeth Banks is probably most famous for appearing in movies like Definitely Maybe, The Hunger Games, Pitch Perfect and Zack and Miri Make a Porno. As a producer/director she is most famous for the Pitch Perfect franchise and the 2019 Charlie's Angels reboot.

Early Life: She was born Elizabeth Irene Mitchell in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, in 1974. Elizabeth graduated magna cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania with a communications degree and concentration in theater arts. In 1998 she earned her master's in fine arts from the American Conservatory Theater.

Career: Banks made her on-screen debut that same year in the independent film "Surrender Dorothy". She then landed a small but memorable part in 2001's "Wet Hot American Summer". She rose to fame with appearances in "Seabiscuit" in 2003 and "The 40-Year-old Virgin" alongside Steve Carrell in 2005. She earned a recurring role as Dr. Kim Briggs on 15 episodes of "Scrubs" and was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her work as Avery Jessup on "30 Rock".

Her notable film roles include Effie Trinket in "The Hunger Games" trilogy and for her roles in "Invincible", "Definitely, Maybe", "Role Models", "People Like Us", "Pitch Perfect", "Movie 43" and "The Lego Movie".

Personal Life: She has been married to sportswriter Max Handelman since 2003. The couple met on her first day at the University of Pennsylvania in 1992. They have two children together, sons Felix and Magnus Mitchell. The live in Sherman Oaks, California in a custom-built gated property that they bought in 2018 for $6.85 million.

Brownstone Productions: Elizabeth and Max co-founded the production company Brownstone Productions in 2002. Their company was the powerhouse studio behind the "Pitch Perfect" movie franchise. She made her directorial debut with the second installment of the Pitch series which was produced for $30 million and went on to make $300 million worldwide, enough to make it the highest-grossing musical comedy of all time when it was released.

