www.news.com.au/entertainment/celebrity-life/hook-ups-break-ups/how-did-jolie-the-tattooed-and-outspoken-actress-fit-into-the-all-american-pitt-clan/news-story/083b539f0317f3f0029676e6ef3c88e8

Staff Writer

Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt divorce: how actress fit into the clan

SHE was accused of breaking up Brad Pitt’s marriage to Jennifer Aniston, a woman beloved by his mother.

So how did the tattooed, outspoken Angelina Jolie find her place in the all-American Pitt clan?

The Pitt family hail from Missouri, and aside from Brad who catapulted to fame in 1991, they all live fairly regular, suburban lives.

His mother Jane was a school counsellor while his father William was a truck company manager.

LATEST ON THE PITT-JOLIE DIVORCE

Brad is the eldest of three children, his brother Doug Pitt is an American businessman, investor and philanthropist and has three children of his own while his sister Julie Pitt, who founded a charity, has five children of her own, two adopted from Ethiopia.

The Hollywood hunk has previously spoken about his upbringing in the Southern Baptist household telling the Telegraph magazine that his father was “very, very tough” and that he and his siblings were raised “with all the Christian guilt about what you should and shouldn’t do.”

In contrast Angelina came from a family of fame but it was a broken home. Her parents divorced when she was less than a year old and she has had a dysfunctional relationship with her actor father, Jon Voight, their previous estrangement playing out in the public sphere with barbs traded back and forth.

While Brad is said to share a close bond with his siblings Jolie went a step further when she famously locked lips with her only sibling, brother James Haven, at the Oscars in 2000.

Jolie has also admitted to enduring rebellious and turbulent years during her teens and 20s, describing periods of self-harm and drug use saying she had used “just about every drug possible,” particularly heroin.

Jolie had been married twice before she met Brad to British actor Jonny Lee Miller and Billy Bob Thornton while Brad had only been married once before to Aniston.

Jolie turned up to her first wedding in black rubber pants and a white T-shirt with the groom’s name written in blood and wore the blood of her second husband in a vial around her neck.

Brad and Aniston’s marriage was however seen as the perfect union of two big stars. Aniston, the wholesome actress we came to love on hit show Friends, seemed to slot perfectly into the Pitt family.

After their divorce in 2005, which came about after Brad and Jolie admitted to falling in love on the set of Mr & Mrs Smith, Aniston still kept a foot in the Pitt family with Jane unable to let go of the daughter-in-law she loved so much.

Doug revealed to Star magazine in 2006 that his mother still spoke to Aniston on the phone every single week.

“Brad is not happy about mum talking to Jennifer. He feels that mum should move on now, and cut the link that was there. But she is in a difficult position — she has great affection for Jennifer — born out of the fact Brad once loved her and did marry her.”

But Doug changed his tune in a 2007 interview with People saying it was not odd that the two remained friends.

“Jennifer is a friend of Brad’s,” he said.

“Why wouldn’t she be a friend of ours?”

The pair are still so close that when Aniston married Justin Theroux she reportedly invited Jane to witness the nuptials.

“She’s closer to her than she is to her own mother Nancy and it just feels right,” a source told The Sun.

With such contrasting upbringings, a mother-in-law who still has such a strong connection to the ex, and a scandalous union Jolie always seemed out of place in the Pitt family.

Radar Online, quoting Star, reports that Jolie was reportedly mortified after Jane wrote a letter to a Missouri newspaper condemning same-sex marriage and President Barack Obama‘s re-election.

Jane wrote, “Any Christian should spend much time in prayer before refusing to vote for a family man with high morals, business experience, who is against abortion, and shares Christian conviction concerning homosexuality just because he is a Mormon.”

Jolie and Brad are both big supporters of same-sex marriage, previously stating they wouldn’t get married until it was legal in the US.

“Jane has never wanted to talk politics with Angelina,” a source allegedly told Star as reported by Radar Online.

“She knew it would cause greater issues for them, and she wanted to try to have a relationship with the mother of her grandkids. She never thought her letter would be such a big deal.”

Previous reports also suggest that Jolie was unimpressed when Jane bought femine clothes for tomboy Shiloh.

But regardless of their differences, and whether there is any truth to the reports of fueding, Jane and Jolie always seemed to be in good spirits when spotted out in public.

And in 2013 when Jolie revealed she had decided to undergo a double mastectomy, citing genetic predispositions towards breast cancer, Jane had nothing but support for her.

“We’re so very proud of Angie. This means so much to our family especially our grandchildren. We love her dearly,” she said as reported by Perez Hilton.

Only time will tell whether Jolie and Jane will have the kind of long-lasting relationship that she shares with Aniston after the divorce is finalised.

