www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5715933/Keith-Urban-awkward-accepting-praise-Nicole-Kidman.html

Stephen Bisset For Daily Mail Australia

Keith Urban awkward on accepting praise for Nicole Kidman

He's the extremely successful country music star who has been married to his Academy Award-winning wife Nicole Kidman for 12 years.

But Keith Urban struggles to accept praise on behalf of his actress spouse, admitting taking compliments by proxy makes him feel awkward.

Speaking with Richard Wilkins on Friday's Today show, the 50-year-old rocker was left feeling uncomfortable when the entertainment guru praised Nicole's turn in the Paddington sequel.

Scroll down for video

'I don't know why I'm saying thank you, I didn't do it': The very awkward moment Keith Urban is praised for his wife Nicole Kidman's accomplishments by Richard Wilkins

'Thank you,' he replied graciously. 'I don't know why I'm saying thank you, I didn't do it.'

Keith continued: 'I never know what to say when people compliment me on my wife, her work or something. Saying thank you doesn't feel right.'

Keith also admitted that Nicole had a profound influence on his creative output over the course of their marriage.

Not my accomplishment: Speaking with Richard Wilkins on Friday's Today show, the 50-year-old rocker was left feeling uncomfortable when the entertainment guru praised Nicole's turn in the Paddington sequel

'The way I make music now has changed so much because of Nic,' he said. 'she has such a willingness to embrace the fear - it's rubbed off on me.'

Never one to shy away from singing his wife's praises however, Keith gushed about Nicole during a recent appearance on Sunrise.

Speaking with host Samantha Armytage, Keith fawned over Nicole's achievements including her recent success in the HBO hit Little Big Lies.

Sheepish: 'Thank you,' he replied graciously. 'I don't know why I'm saying thank you, I didn't do it'

'I am so unbelievably proud of her. Not just the success of the show but the fact that it was all they're doing,' he said.

He added: ''It was such girl power, you know, between her and Reese Witherspoon and their producers, and Liane Moriaty (the author), it was all these people coming together to make this happen.'

With all of the trappings of fame at the couple's feet, Keith also admitted his and Nicole's Australian upbringing that had helped keep them grounded.

Awkward: Keith continued: 'I never know what to say when people compliment me on my wife, her work or something. Saying thank you doesn't feel right.'

'I think it is more the Aussie in us, in both of us honestly... my experience and Nic’s experience has been is that it's how you are raised,' the Queensland raised musician said.

'You get raised to just "pull your bloody head in" and do your work and just don't get caught up in all the other stuff and to stay grounded,' he added, saying they were very grateful for it.

Keith and Nicole were married in 2006 and they share two children, Faith Margaret, seven, and Sunday Rose, 9.

