uinterview.com/news/who-is-pepe-munoz-details-on-celine-dions-alleged-news-boyfriend/



Who Is Pepe Muñoz? Details On Céline Dion’s Alleged New Boyfriend

In 2017, dating rumors began to swirl around Céline Dion and her backup dancer Pepe Muñoz. This was just one year after husband René Angélil passed away from a heart attack. Here’s what we know about their relationship and Dion’s alleged boyfriend.

Her reps originally denied the reports, insisting that the two are just friends. About a year ago, the two were spotted together in Paris, where Muñoz accompanied her to the Giambattista Valli fashion show.

GET CELINE DION CONCERT TICKETS!

Muñoz told Vogue about working with and getting to know Dion.

“She’s the kind of person [for whom] the day has no schedule, no time, no nothing, so whenever she feels the creativity coming, that’s what happens,” he said. “She makes you feel welcome, like you belong to the family, and like you’re part of the group. She’s absolutely fearless with her style, her dancing, her performing, and as a person in her clothes.”

However, in April 2017, Dion told The Sun she wasn’t ready to enter the dating world again.

“Now it is definitely too soon for me… I am definitely in love with [René], married to him,” she said.

GET CELINE DION CONCERT TICKETS!

In January of this year, the 34-year-old said he and Dion found the rumors to be funny.

“These rumors really amused us,” he told Gala. “And we still laugh about them.”

Muñoz added, “I can count on her when I need to talk, and I am ready to listen to her, too.”

During a January 2017 concert, the two shared a sensual number on-stage, fueling the dating rumors.

The dancer is from Malaga, Spain, and is also an illustrator. He attended the Royal Academy of Dancing and even performed in the Cirque du Soleil show Zumanity.

He was first asked to dance for Dion by her personal assistant and eagerly jumped at the opportunity.

“I’d always been a great fan, not like a psycho fan, but I’ve always loved her music,” Muñoz said. “I said ‘yes,’ of course, then rapidly went to the gym to start doing sit-ups.”

Nonetheless, their insistence on being just friends has quelled the rumors since.

