https://web.archive.org/web/20171012113936/http://www.msn.com/en-us/tv/celebrity/chris-pratt-amy-poehler-dating/ar-AAtjcs4



Chris Pratt, Amy Poehler Dating?

© Gossip Cop (Getty Images)

Are Chris Pratt and Amy Poehler really dating? One of this week’s new tabloids claims the former “Parks and Recreation” co-stars have become more than friends in the wake of the actor’s split from Anna Faris, but Gossip Cop looked into the situation and we can exclusively set the record straight.

According to an article in the latest issue of the National Enquirer, sparks flew between Pratt and Poehler when they recently reconnected at a party for Aubrey Plaza’s new movie Ingrid Goes West. “Chris and Amy were friends while filming the show, but something clicked when they saw each other at this party,” a so-called “spy” tells the magazine. “Everyone around them noticed the flirting, and how much fun they seemed to be having laughing at each other’s jokes.”

The outlet’s questionable insider continues, “They’ve been getting to know each other in a whole new way. Amy and Chris both have young kids, and exactly the same sense of humor. They’re a perfect match!” But Gossip Cop looked into the alleged relationship, and we’re assured Pratt and Poehler aren’t a couple. A rep for the actor tells us it’s not true, while the actress’s spokesperson dismissed the rumor as “ridiculous.” The pair have been friends for years, but there’s simply nothing romantic between the two.

Unfortunately, we’ve had to debunk several phony stories surrounding the actor’s relationship status following his August split from Faris. Gossip Cop recently called out the Enquirer’s sister publication, Star, for falsely claiming Pratt’s friends were pushing him to date Jennifer Lawrence. We also busted the Enquirer’s other sister outlet, OK!, after it made up a story about Faris’ “struggles to move on” following her separation. The supposed details in that article were all fabricated, and didn’t come from anyone close to the actress. This latest report about Pratt and Poehler’s nonexistent romance is similarly bogus.

Related slideshow -- Brad Pitt's alleged apology to Jennifer Aniston and more tabloid tales debunked: Debunking the week's tabloid stories: Oct. 6, 2017

