https://web.archive.org/web/20190404021232/http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/magazines/panache/angelina-jolie-gets-new-divorce-lawyer-amidst-custody-battle-with-brad-pitt/articleshow/65573529.cms



Angelina Jolie gets new divorce lawyer amidst custody battle with Brad Pitt

Parting Ways 29 Dec, 2017 Jennifer Lawrence & Darren Aronofsky The actress dated the writer-director of her movie 'Mother!' for more than a year, before the couple parted ways just before Thanksgiving. The 27-year-old Oscar winner and 48-year-old Harvard-alumni had kept their relationship mostly private and only red carpet debut at the Venice Film Festival in September this year. The director was previously in a nine-year relationship with actress Rachel Weisz. Lawrence meanwhile had previously dated Coldplay frontman Chris Martin and her 'X-Men: First Class' co-star Nicholas Hoult. Jennifer Lawrence & Darren Aronofsky The actress dated the writer-director of her movie 'Mother!' for more than a year, before the couple parted ways just before Thanksgiving. The 27-year-old Oscar winner and 48-year-old Harvard-alumni had kept their relationship mostly private and only red carpet debut at the Venice Film Festival in September this year. The director was previously in a nine-year relationship with actress Rachel Weisz. Lawrence meanwhile had previously dated Coldplay frontman Chris Martin and her 'X-Men: First Class' co-star Nicholas Hoult.

Lovin' Can Hurt 29 Dec, 2017 The Tesla CEO and actress ended their year-long relationship in August. Reportedly, their busy schedules were to blame for this. The pair first met in 2013 on the set of 'Machete Kills', and got together after Heard's divorce from Johnny Depp in 2016. They went on to publicly declare their romance in April with post on social media. However, the relationship reportedly left the tech mogul heartbroken, and even affected the launch of his Tesla Model 3. The Tesla CEO and actress ended their year-long relationship in August. Reportedly, their busy schedules were to blame for this. The pair first met in 2013 on the set of 'Machete Kills', and got together after Heard's divorce from Johnny Depp in 2016. They went on to publicly declare their romance in April with post on social media. However, the relationship reportedly left the tech mogul heartbroken, and even affected the launch of his Tesla Model 3.

Love You Like A Love Song 29 Dec, 2017 Selena Gomez & The Weeknd The start of their relationship caused as many ripples as the end. Gomez and The Weeknd got together just two months after her broke up with her friend Bella Hadid. This led to a lot of 'un-following' on Instagram. However, 10 months later, the couple called it quits. And Gomez is now back with old flame Justin Bieber. And, as for Abel (yes, that's his real name), the singer has been spotted holding hands with Bieber 's ex Yovanna Ventura. As for the Instagram feud, Hadid has now 'liked' a photo of newly-blonde Gomez. So we think this friendship may be on its way back. Selena Gomez & The Weeknd The start of their relationship caused as many ripples as the end. Gomez and The Weeknd got together just two months after her broke up with her friend Bella Hadid. This led to a lot of 'un-following' on Instagram. However, 10 months later, the couple called it quits. And Gomez is now back with old flame Justin Bieber. And, as for Abel (yes, that's his real name), the singer has been spotted holding hands with Bieber 's ex Yovanna Ventura. As for the Instagram feud, Hadid has now 'liked' a photo of newly-blonde Gomez. So we think this friendship may be on its way back.

