www.intouchweekly.com/posts/angelina-jolie-snubbed-margot-robbie-147087

In Touch Staff

Angelina Jolie Snubbed Margot Robbie Because of Brad Pitt Rumors

Looks like Margot Robbie is going to need some aloe for this burn! At the Hollywood Film Awards on Sunday, Nov. 5 in LA, Margot, 27, excitedly approached Angelina Jolie to introduce herself. But instead of a warm reply, Angie “curtly replied, ‘I know who you are’ and turned her back on Margot,” an insider exclusively tells In Touch.

According to the source, the Australian-born beauty “looked shocked.” Jealousy may be to blame. When Margot starred in 2015’s The Big Short alongside Angelina’s ex Brad Pitt, “rumors swirled about Brad crushing on Margot and that Angelina had tried to stop Brad from casting Margot in the film,” says the insider.

(Photo Credit: Splash)

The source says that the mom-of-six — who shares Maddox, 16, Pax, 13, Zahara, 12, Shiloh, 11, Vivienne, 9, and Knox, 9, with Brad, 53 — can’t shake her resentment toward the Suicide Squad actress. “It was clear from Angelina’s reaction to Margot that she still holds a grudge,” the source says.

Back in November 2016, not long after Angelina, 42, filed for divorce from Brad, OK! Magazine reported that the Fight Club hunk was “ready to move on” with Margot. “He thinks she’s the hottest girl in Hollywood right now,” a source said at the time. “This was a sore subject with [Angelina] who blocked them from working together a few times. Now that he’s single again, you can expect Brad to go after Margot with a passion.”

While a romance between Brad and Margot never flourished, the eternal heartthrob has recently fell for 21-year-old British actress Ella Purnell — who, in an ironic twist, played a young Angelina in 2014’s Maleficent. He’s so enchanted, a source previously told In Touch, that he cast her in his upcoming Starz series, Sweetbitter.

“Brad had Ella in mind from the get-go. He went out of his way to cast her,” said the source. “Ella is incredibly flattered by all the attention she’s getting from Brad. She’s told friends he’s always been her No. 1 celebrity crush.”

For more exclusive celebrity news, pick up the latest issue of In Touch, on newsstands now!

