www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2761341/Justin-Bieber-Selena-Gomez-moving-happier.html

Mailonline Reporter

'Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are moving in together and couldn't be happier'

Getting serious? Justin Bieber 'has asked on-again girlfriend Selena Gomez to move into his LA party pad'



They've been spending most of their spare time together.



And if the reports are true, Justin Bieber, 20, is keen on taking his relationship with Selena Gomez, 22, to the next level.



'Selena and Justin are a hundred percent together right now, he’s asked her to move in with him and she couldn’t be happier,' an insider revealed to HollywoodLife.com on Thursday.

Scroll down for video

Taking the next step? Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are reported to be moving in together

But with their rocky history, the Come & Get It hitmaker is making sure she covers her bases.



'She’s still being cautious, she’s not going to give up her place, that way if anything goes wrong or if she decides she needs some space, she’ll have her own spot to go to.



'But, officially she’s going to be living with him. It’s a huge step.'

PDA: The pop pair was spotted kissing and canoodling at Lucky Strike in Hollywood on Sunday night

The Beauty And A Beat singer has been living in a Beverly Hills condominium. He recently rented out a Hollywood Hills mansion as well, complete with a nightclub, but it is believed he will only throw parties there.

It was not made clear which property Gomez will move her things into.



Justin and Selena first confirmed they were dating in early 2011 and officially split in late 2012.

His Beverly Hills condo: The Beauty And A Beat singer has been living in the 90210 for the past several months

However in April 2013, the pair looked cozy again in one of Justin's Instagram pics which was followed by lots of back and forth between the pair ending with Selena confirming her solo status to Ryan Seacrest in November 2013.

Then in January this year, the couple briefly reunited, but all went quiet in April, around the time of Coachella music festival, with Selena seemingly focused on being a single girl.



Things then started up again in June when the pair were spotted on several dates including a joint bible study.



Holiday: The two recently visited Justin's native country of Canada together

And the two recently took a trip back to Justin's native country of Canada, confirming their relationship once again.



'Selena trusts him. She had to let go of her jealousy and stop worrying about other girls. He’s promised her that she’s the only one, and she believes him,' a source told HollywoodLife.



'Since they got back together, he hasn’t given her any reason to worry — so she’s not going to.'

