www.independent.ie/style/celebrity/celebrity-news/selena-gomez-finally-opens-up-about-her-relationship-with-the-weeknd-35766069.html



Selena Gomez finally opens up about her relationship with The Weeknd

Selena Gomez has finally opened up about her relationship with The Weeknd.

Selena Gomez has finally opened up about her relationship with The Weeknd.

Selena Gomez finally opens up about her relationship with The Weeknd

The 24-year-old singer has been dating the I Can't Feel My Face hitmaker (27) for five months, but the pair have largely avoided public gushing - until now.

In an interview with Miami's Power 96.5 FM on Thursday, Gomez confirmed she was "taken" without mentioning her beau by name.

"I'm the kind of girl that loves tremendously big. I just have always been that girl. I will give my heart and my soul to the person that I love. It's just how I operate. With that comes a lot, you know?"

Selena Gomez and The Weeknd attend the "Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art Of The In-Between" Costume Institute Gala at Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 1, 2017 in New York City. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)

When asked about the last lie she told, Gomez an expectedly adorable answer, saying: "I was planning a trip and I was saying, like, 'I'm going to leave,' but I was trying to get somebody really cute to tell me to stay."

The former Disney star has been vocal about her mental health experiences and called the European leg of her world tour last year to return to rehab in order to help her better cope with crippling panic attacks and anxiety, which she says are aggravated by her Lupus.

She previously hit out at critics for suggesting her 2013 rehab stint was treatment for drug or alcohol addiction, although her PR specified she was being treated for "emotional issues."

"I was diagnosed with lupus, and I've been through chemotherapy," she told Billboard magazine.

Selena Gomez and The Weeknd. Picture: Instagram

"That's what my break was really about. I could've had a stroke."

"I wanted so badly to say, 'You guys have no idea. I'm in chemotherapy. You're a**holes.' I locked myself away until I was confident and comfortable again."

"I'm so f***ing nice to everybody, and everyone is so vile to me. I've been working since I was 7. I've been a UNICEF ambassador since I was 17," she says. "It's so disappointing that I've become a tabloid story. That hate motivated me."

Online Editors

