deadline.com/2017/03/robert-osborne-dies-hollywood-reacts-to-tcm-host-death-twitter-1202037837/

Liz Calvario

Robert Osborne: Industry Mourns “Class Act” & “True Gentleman”

This afternoon, Robert Osborne was trending worldwide as fans of Robert Osborne, as well as friends, mourn the death of the longtime host of Turner Classic Movies, who died Monday at 84 after suffering from undisclosed health problems. Osborne served as the face of TCM since its launch in 1994; the longtime industry columnist also authored many books on the history of the Oscars, including 1965’s Academy Awards Illustrated and The Official History of the Academy Awards.



Longtime friend Liza Minnelli said in a statement to Deadline:

“It was evident to anybody who watched Robert Osborne on Turner Classic Movies that his knowledge about Hollywood and film was second to none. He was an indispensable guide to viewers who tuned in everyday to hear his thoughts. Often, if I couldn’t remember the name of an actor or a particular film, I’d ring him up and he’d instantly know the answer.”

TCM shared a touching video with Osborne’s friends and colleagues; industry figures including Cher, Patton Oswalt, Patricia Arquette, Gilbert Gottfried, and others expressed their grief on social media. Watch the video here:

Today we say good-bye to a dear member of our TCM family. Our thoughts are with all who love, as we do, Robert Osborne. #TCMRemembers pic.twitter.com/egWsPRGnJb — TCM (@tcm) March 6, 2017

The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences also shared some kind words on Facebook, writing, “The Academy is deeply saddened by the passing of our beloved friend Robert Osborne. An Oscars historian, he worked tirelessly to document our organization’s rich history, and he was our gracious greeter on the Academy Awards red carpet for several years.” Read the full statement below:

“I was saddened by the death of Robert Osborne, a remarkable and special man,” actress Eva Marie Saint told Deadline in a statement. “I have wonderful memories of being interviewed by him and answering his insightful questions. Robert was an endearing and talented man. He brought so much joy to people around the world by sharing his knowledge and love of film. I will miss him dearly.”

Here a sampling of remembrances from friends, colleagues and many others:

I LOVED HIM SO MUCH,💔IS BROKEN.I KNEW HE WOULDNT COME BACK,BUT STILL HOPED.IT HASNT BEEN THE SAME,WITHOUT HIM,NOR WILL IT EVER BE

🕊RIP BOBBY — Cher (@cher) March 6, 2017

I went on his @tcm show. He came on my podcast. He knew movies. He loved movies. RIP Robert Osborne. pic.twitter.com/Q7AhTm85k9 — Gilbert Gottfried (@RealGilbert) March 6, 2017

OH NO. A truly decent, funny & intelligent man. Loved film and made others excited about it. Was lucky to have met him. https://t.co/c8FVzRkRWu — Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) March 6, 2017

Robert Osborne was a class act, a true gentleman & his historical nuggets as TCM host made watching those great old movies even better. RIP — Larry King (@kingsthings) March 6, 2017

@tcm @AmericanFilm Bless him. Loved his commentary. He will be missed. — Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) March 6, 2017

Very sad to hear about Robert Osborne passing. I programmed on TCM with him in 2015 & it was a treat. He couldn't have been more charming. — edgarwright (@edgarwright) March 6, 2017

Sad to learn of his passing. His love of cinema and insights on @AMC_TV were a gift to movie lovers & gave birth to new ones #RobertOsborne pic.twitter.com/TkLobXtm18 — Ted Sullivan (@karterhol) March 6, 2017

Our deepest sympathies and condolences to @tcm, all classic film fans, and the Osborne family for the passing of TCM host Robert Osborne. pic.twitter.com/yDHYoECR2B — BogartEstate (@HumphreyBogart) March 6, 2017

Dear #RobertOsborne host of @tcm has passed. Pure class and one of the first people in Hollywood who supported my breaking barriers. RIP. pic.twitter.com/u5ZVWHZCmN — Marlee Matlin (@MarleeMatlin) March 6, 2017

So saddened by the death of Robert Osborne of @tcm. He helped spark my interest in classic films. He was a special man. — Pat Sajak (@patsajak) March 6, 2017

So incredibly sad to hear about the passing of Robert Osborne – he WAS #TurnerClassicMovies and helped foster my love of classic films! pic.twitter.com/ApadTW5P6M — Grace Randolph (@GraceRandolph) March 6, 2017

I worked with Mr. Osborne just once but it's a day I won't ever forget….a true gentleman. @tcm — Alton Brown (@altonbrown) March 6, 2017

Obviously, a tough, sad day at @tcm. Here are a few of my immediate thoughts on the singular Robert Osborne. pic.twitter.com/UKgM91i2JE — Ben Mankiewicz (@BenMank77) March 6, 2017

