www.thewrap.com/charlie-sheen-settles-lawsuit-against-national-enquirer-over-corey-haim-rape-report/

Tim Kenneally, Reid Nakamura, Ross A. Lincoln, Jeremy Fuster, Sharon Waxman, Trey Williams, Greg Gilman

Charlie Sheen Settles Lawsuit Against National Enquirer Over Corey Haim Rape Report

Charlie Sheen has settled a lawsuit he filed against the National Enquirer over the publication’s report that the former “Two and a Half Men” star sodomized a then-13-year-old Corey Haim while the pair were filming the 1986 film “Lucas.”

A spokesman for Enquirer parent company AMI told TheWrap that the matter has been “amicably resolved.”

TheWrap has also reached out to Sheen’s legal representative for comment.

Also Read: Charlie Sheen Sues the National Enquirer Over Corey Haim Rape Story (Report)

According to TMZ, Sheen’s legal team filed papers late last week asking that the suit be dismissed with prejudice, which means that the suit can’t be filed again.

Sheen filed the suit in December, accusing the publication of defamation. The suit resulted from a Nov. 8 article that quoted former actor Dominick Brascia as saying Haim told him that Sheen and Haim “smoked pot and had sex. He said they had anal sex. Haim said after it happened Sheen became very cold and rejected him. When Corey wanted to fool around again, Charlie was not interested.”

In a statement released by his attorney, Shane Bernard, after the complaint was filed, Sheen said, “In my nearly 35 years as a celebrated entertainer, I have been nothing shy of a forthright, noble and valiant courier of the truth.”

Also Read: Corey Haim's Mother Says Charlie Sheen Sexual Assault Accusations Were 'All Made Up'

Sheen continued, “Consistently admitting and owning a laundry list of shortcomings, wrongdoings and indiscretions this traveler hath traveled — however, every man has a breaking point. These radically groundless and unfounded allegations end now. I now take a passionate stand against those who wish to even entertain the sick and twisted lies against me. GAME OVER.”

