www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5468887/Katy-Perry-slams-Lionel-Richie-Jimmy-Kimmel-Live.html

Caitlyn Hitt

Katy Perry slams Lionel Richie on Jimmy Kimmel Live!

It appears there's drama at the American Idol judges table already.

Katy Perry, who will be joined by Luke Bryant and Lionel Richie in hosting the revamped competition series, appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Monday to promote the show. During the appearance she told host Jimmy Kimmel she and Luke are thick as thieves, but it seems there's a rift between them and their 68-year-old co-judge.

'We respect him just about as much as his kids respect him. Which is not a lot,' the Roar singer said while appearing on the late night show.

Katy Perry fired shots at American Idol co-host Lionel Richie during Jimmy Kimmel Live!

The comment appears to refer to something the musician previously made about his youngest daughter, Sofia Richie, dating Scott Disick. It's been widely reported that Lionel doesn't approve of his 19-year-old daughter's relationship with the troubled 34-year-old.

Katy's jabs didn't stop there, however. Speaking with the Jimmy Kimmel Live! host she nitpicked the way Lionel critiques American Idol contestants. The award-winning musician said Lionel often recalls working with music legends in long-winded stories comparable to 'Ted Talks'.

Katy doesn't just make snide remarks behind Lionel's back, though. She and her country musician co-judge, Luke, have been known to play a prank or two on the legendary musician, according to her Jimmy Kimmel appearance. She revealed on the show that they put whoopee cushions on his seat when he stands up to provide feedback to competitors.

'We're ruining his legacy,' she said.

Before American Idol fans get too bummed about this on-set beef, it's worth noting that Katy also said during her appearance that Lionel is actually like 'an uncle' to her and her fellow judge.

'He's an uncle you want in your house telling you all these wonderful historical stories and he does have some tea but we can't put that on TV,' she said.

Although there may be no actual feud on the set of American Idol, there's plenty of other drama rumored to be going down behind the judging table.

According to TMZ, Katy's left American Idol executives 'frustrated' with her repeated late arrivals on the set during auditions. Per the publication's report, she's 'almost always late' by about 10 or 15 minutes.

Producers are also said to be worried about a lack of 'comedic tension' on the show. The outlet reported that the panel are 'not at each other's throats, either in a serious or runny way', which has created worries about ratings.

American Idol premieres Sunday, March 11, 2018 at 8pm ET on ABC.

