meaww.com/caitlyn-jenner-spending-money-on-girlfriend-sophia-hutchins

Prerna Nambiar

In the mood for love: Caitlyn Jenner reportedly spending $50k on girlfriend Sophia Hutchins every week

It's a great feeling to be in love and couples in love tend to pull out all the stops when it comes to making their respective partners happy. So it is with television personality Caitlyn Jenner. It seems Caitlyn is not holding back in showering her girlfriend, Sophia Hutchins with love and gifts.

According to Radar Online, she is reportedly secretly spending $50,000 a week on Sophia. Even though it hasn't been a year since they started dating, Caitlyn is making sure that Sophia has everything she wants. “Caitlyn is spending an absolute fortune on Sophia,” a source told the website.

Caitlyn is reportedly spoiling Sophia by spending money on her (Instagram)

“She’s constantly treating her to drinks and dinners at the nicest restaurants in town and buys her jewelry and handbags all the time!” the source continued. At the same time, it has been reported that Caitlyn has given Sophia her own credit card along with a weekly allowance. “Sophia is using Caitlyn’s cash to deck out her wardrobe with designer clothes and get her hair and nails done every week," the source revealed.

Spilling more details on the duo's relationship, the insider observed how Sophia has been more than happy to indulge in facials and massages and even though this weird arrangement is costing Caitlyn at least $50,000 each week, she seems desperate for Sophia to stick around and this is her way of sealing the deal. Rumors became fortified when they were first spotted together holidaying in Cabo, Mexico.

Caitlyn reportedly wants to settle down with Sophia (Instagram)

The Mirror reported that the pair is head over heels in love with each other and plans on settling down. The tabloid reported that the 47-year age gap between them does not seem to cause any issue as the duo plans on getting married in an intimate ceremony at Caitlyn's home in Malibu. Cait really sees herself spending the rest of her life with Sophia," a source told the tabloid.

"She lost her support system when she fell out with her family and these days, it feels like Sophia's the only person she can count on," the source continued. The tabloid also reports that Caitlyn turned to Sophia when things came crumbling down between her and the Kardashians. "Cait is a complete outcast at the moment. She has also lost friends in the LGBT community because of her political views [backing Donald Trump]," the source added.

Sophia also recently hinted that she has moved in with Caitlyn. Sophia took to Instagram to share a photo from her bedroom and eagle eyes fans were convinced that she is staying with Caitlyn. “Home Sweet Home Happy Joyful Peaceful” she captioned the picture along with several hearts emojis. Due to the cushioned headboard behind her many fans thought the place looked familiar. Soon, fans realized that Cait herself has put photos in the past which she has taken from her Malibu house with apparently the same headboard.

The news of Caitlyn doting on her love on works as fuel to fan the rumors of how she even ditched her son Brody Jenner's wedding recently to attend a charity event in Austria with her rumored fiancee. Brody expressed his disappointment at her absence and mentioned that Caitlyn had known of the date a year in advance and yet chose to ignore it. Even Caitlyn's ex-wife Linda Thompson was quite miffed at Cait's behavior and took a subtle dig at her saying: “Yes, it’s on the other side of the world… But I would’ve gone to the moon and back to share in the joy of my darling son & his beautiful bride getting married!" she continued while adding, "That’s what parents do!"

