radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/06/jennifer-aniston-revenge-mode-emma-stone-justin-theroux-public-romance-after-divorce/

Radar Staff, June

Jennifer Aniston In ‘Revenge Mode’ Against Emma Stone & Justin Theroux

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Jen’s Rage: Aniston In 'Revenge Mode' Against Emma After She’s Caught With Justin

Jen’s Rage: Aniston In 'Revenge Mode' Against Emma After She’s Caught With Justin

Jen’s Rage: Aniston In 'Revenge Mode' Against Emma After She’s Caught With Justin She’s ‘in revenge mode’ against Stone and Theroux’s romance!

Do not mess with Jennifer Aniston’s man.

The scorned ex-Mrs. Theroux is calling on every single member of Team Aniston to squash Emma Stone, after flying into a furious rage over her romance with her ex-husband Justin Theroux.

As Radar previously reported, Theroux and Stone have been jetting all over the world together, a relationship that is driving his ex-wife crazy.

“It bugs the hell out of Jen that Justin got close to Emma during their marriage and she isn’t taking this lying down,” a source close to the Friends star told Radar.

“She’s dragging Emma every chance she gets and warning pals like Jason Bateman and Jimmy Kimmel to avoid her.”

As Radar previously reported, Aniston is “fuming” over their now public romance.

Aniston took digs at Stone’s Hollywood reputation too.

“Jen and her squad take issue with the fact that Emma never met a role she couldn’t steal from another actress [most famously ‘La La Land’ from Emma Watson],” the insider snitched and said Stone was in for a rude awakening.

“I don’t think she realizes who she messed with and how far Jen’s reach is.”

But the fury at Stone is not unlike her fury at Angelina Jolie, who famously stole her husband Brad Pitt away from her.

“This is a pattern for Jen, never directing the rage or gossip at the guy who left her but instead at the next woman he hooks up with.”

And Stone should be warned, the source told Radar.

“Jen is in revenge mode and Emma needs to recognize that she’s messing with somebody with a lot of loyal Hollywood friends.”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

