www.firstpost.com/entertainment/britney-spears-mobbed-by-fans-on-first-visit-to-israel-cancels-dinner-with-pm-benjamin-netanyahu-3776297.html



Britney Spears mobbed by fans on first visit to Israel, cancels dinner with PM Benjamin Netanyahu- Entertainment News, Firstpost

Britney Spears mobbed by fans on first visit to Israel, cancels dinner with PM Benjamin Netanyahu

Britney Spears was "jumped on" by fans during her first visit to Israel. The megastar was forced to skip dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after she was mobbed by her followers during a visit to the historical site the Western Wall and security were eventually forced to whisk her away.

A source told Ynet, "Hundreds of people jumped on her, and she decided to cancel it all. It was a huge mess, with hundreds of fans and photographers gathered around her. It was a real 'Israeli celebration'; she didn't stop an excursion during any other part of her latest tour. This could only happen here."

Britney landed in Israel on Sunday, on 2 July, 2017 and the country's Labour Party cancelled planned elections because of her concert at Tel Aviv's Yarkon Park on Monday night, which was attended by 50,000 of her fans. She also visited holy sites such as the city of Jerusalem during her stay.

Meanwhile, the 'Hit Me Baby One More Time' hitmaker recently claimed she doesn't get the credit she deserves for her on-stage performances. Britney slammed suggestions she simply lip-syncs throughout her shows, insisting she has to mix her own voice with "a little bit of playback" because of her energy-sapping dance routines.

Here's a video of the singer arriving in Jerusalem and being whisked away by security after the chaos:

Britney Spears' arrival in Jerusalem has created chaos forcing her to cancel her meeting with the prime minister pic.twitter.com/m6mEg5Qm1p — ㅤㅤㅤㅤ (@TheGloryBritney) July 2, 2017

Find latest and upcoming tech gadgets online on Tech2 Gadgets. Get technology news, gadgets reviews & ratings. Popular gadgets including laptop, tablet and mobile specifications, features, prices, comparison.

Updated Date: Jul 04, 2017 20:19:51 IST

