https://web.archive.org/web/20180826005532/https://www.msn.com/en-us/entertainment/celebrity/prince-harry-meghan-markle-ordered-to-%E2%80%9Ctone-down%E2%80%9D-pda-by-queen-elizabeth/ar-BBKyFCg



Prince Harry, Meghan Markle Ordered To “Tone Down” PDA By Queen Elizabeth?

© Gossip Cop (Getty Images) Is Queen Elizabeth ordering Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to tone down the PDA? That’s the latest rumor to emerge in the tabloids about the royal family. Gossip Cop, however, can bust the untrue claims.

The story in question appears in the Australian edition of Woman’s Day, which exclaims in a headline, “The Queen Is Not Amused!” The piece begins by asserting Prince Harry and Markle “couldn’t keep their hands off each other” at the Royal Foundation Forum last month, and contends that “while their affectionate behavior may be adorable to many, one person isn’t so thrilled: Harry’s grandmother.” It’s specifically alleged the queen has “warned Harry to tone down the public displays of affection… and start acting more prim and proper like other royals,” namely Prince William and Kate Middleton.

“Being affectionate just comes naturally to Harry and Meghan, but it’s totally against royal protocol,” claims a so-called “insider,” who further alleges, “The queen isn’t thrilled about it at all and word is she summoned Harry to the palace to remind him what’s expected of a royal.” This supposed tipster maintains, “All the hand-holding just isn’t the royal way at all.”

Consequently, the outlet asserts Prince Harry understands “he and Meghan will have to tone things down from now on.” Alleges the publication’s purported source, “Harry has so much respect for his grandmother, and while he doesn’t see anything wrong with what they’re doing in public, he certainly wouldn’t want to be seen as disobeying orders.” But Queen Elizabeth, Gossip Cop has learned, has never given Prince Harry and Markle any such “order.”

Contrary to the assertions here, there are no official royal protocols against PDA. In fact, Prince Charles and Duchess Camilla were photographed sharing a kiss last year. They also regularly hold hands in public. In contrast, his oldest son and daughter-in-law tend to avoid showing PDA while in the public eye, though Prince William and Middleton have held hands on occasion, such as when they were photographed arriving for a Christmas service in December. Simply put, it is up to each couple to decide what conduct is appropriate for them and under which setting. Prince Harry and Markle like to hold hands, although it’s possible their decorum will change once they officially wed.

Regardless, they haven’t engaged in any behavior that is actually out of line. And if the tabloid’s “insider” really had inside knowledge, he or she would know that not only isn’t there any official protocol against PDA, but that Prince Charles and Prince William have shown affection to their respective significant others without repercussion. It’s also worth noting that Prince Harry and Markle even held hands during the official photos taken following their engagement announcement (see above). Clearly this kind of PDA is a non-issue.

Related slideshow: Debunking the week's tabloid stories:





