www.glamour.com/story/chrissy-teigen-everything-about-me-is-fake-except-my-cheeks

Condé Nast, Lindsay Schallo

Chrissy Teigen on Plastic Surgery: "Everything About Me Is Fake Except My Cheeks"

This story was originally posted on May 5, 2017 at 4:00 P.M.

Chrissy Teigen, my personal hero and yours, is many things—a voice for all the unrealistic B.S. expected of women, especially new moms, a fantastic cook, a queller of Twitter trolls—but one thing she isn't is fake. At least in the sense of telling things like they are, whether that's about stretch marks, postpartum depression, or plastic surgery. And that's why her latest admission making headlines falls in the category of "stuff Chrissy keeps it real about."

At an event for her new Becca highlighter palette, the model told a room full of writers that people always ask her about her cheeks and whether or not they're real, Byrdie reports. Guess what? They're all hers. But she followed up with this: "Everything about me is fake except my cheeks," she said, laughing and pointing to her forehead, nose, and lips. "Fake, fake, fake."

With her usual refreshing candor, Teigen went on to explain why she's happy with her decision to get treatments done—a friendly reminder that celebrities are humans with insecurities too. "I had my armpit sucked out," she said, noting that the liposuction procedure wasn't exactly necessary but that it made her feel better. "It added two inches of length to my arms. [That fat] is coming back though, so I might need to go in and pay for it again." To put it in better context, she said that last line while laughing.

While no celebrity is ever obligated to discuss something so intimate as fillers or facial surgery, it's great that Teigen's choosing to do so. Just like how you wear your hair or your taste in how sparkly highlighter should be, plastic surgery is a purely personal choice—and it's one that shouldn't be criticized. If we're to celebrate women having autonomy over their own body and health, this is a taboo (and recurring tabloid speculation staple) that's got to go.

Plastic surgery stigma: 0. Chrissy Teigen: too many to count.

Related Stories:

-Chrissy Teigen Just Got Real About Her Stretch Marks on Snapchat

-Chrissy Teigen Opens Up for the First Time About Her Postpartum Depression

-Chrissy Teigen Shut Down a Twitter User Who Rudely Criticized Her Pregnancy Plan

