www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2706953/Fergie-baby-son-Axl-wear-matching-bandanas-singer-shows-slender-legs-LA.html

Daily Mail Reporter

Fergie and her baby son Axl wear matching bandanas as singer shows off her slender legs in LA

Like mother, like son! Fergie and her baby son Axl wear matching bandanas as singer shows off her slender legs in LA



She just can't get enough of her beloved 10-month-old son.



And Fergie is even making sure she coordinates with little Axl, as they had matching bandanas when she was spotted carrying him around Los Angeles on Saturday.



The 39-year-old Black Eyed Peas frontwoman showed off her long slender pins and wore quirky sunglasses for the day out with her baby boy.

Scroll down for video

Cool baby, cool! Fergie wore a quirky pair of goggle-shaped sunglasses when she stepped out in Sherman Oaks, California on Saturday with her 10-month-old baby boy Axl on her hip

Fergie had picked out black and white patterned bandanas, one for her and one for Axl.



His was tied delicately around his neck as a cute bib, whilst hers was slung around her waist over the top of her shorts.



The tiny denim cut-offs featured a frayed edge and put as much skin on show as possible, and she teamed them with a black and white snakeskin print tank.

Matchy matchy: The 39-year-old Black Eyed Peas singer dressed herself and her son in similar black printed bandanas for the outing, with his around his neck as a scarf and hers around her waist

Happy days: The Fergalicious hitmaker showed off her long slender legs as she smiled through the day

A pair of rounded, goggle-style sunglasses stood out on the Fergalicious singer's face from a mile off, adding a touch of quirk to her otherwise mainstream outfit.



A black cowboy had kept Fergie protected from the sun on the hot Californian day, as she hit the pavement in silver studded ankle boots.



The songstress also made the bold move of tapping into the age old trend - which is now returning - of storing one's essentials in a fanny pack around the waist.



Hers was made by Chanel, leaving little room to doubt the fashionability of the item.

Summer style: The star wore a black cowboy hat for sun protection and denim cut-off shorts

Bringing it back into fashion? Fergie even wore a black Chanel fanny pack to carry her goodies

The star's husband Josh Duhamel - to whom she has been married since 2009 - was not spotted with the pair on this outing, but the stud would surely have approved of his wife's hot outfit.



Fergie recently revealed that she likes to dress up for dates with Josh.



She told People: 'He loves me natural all the time, but now because I do natural a lot, he loves when I do a bright red lip. He thinks that’s sexy. I’ve noticed that he really likes that.'

