www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2946205/Kris-known-years-husband-Bruce-wanted-woman-lying-blindsided.html

Ross Mcdonagh For Dailymail.Com

Kris Jenner 'has known for years' husband Bruce wanted to become a woman'

Kris Jenner 'has known for years' that her husband Bruce wanted to become a woman, it has been claimed.

A source close to the Jenner family told TMZ that the Kardashians are lying by claiming they knew nothing about his plans.

According to the report, Kris has known Bruce 'had issues with his sexual identity' for decades, and that his intention to have a sex change came to light years ago.

Scroll down for video...

Not letting on: Kris Jenner - pictured with Bruce here in Beverly Hills in 2012 - is said to have 'known for years' about him wanting to become a woman, according to a new report by TMZ

But the Kardashian matriarch supposedly demanded it was kept private because it would 'hurt the brand'.

Now the Jenners are said to be furious following a report last week which claimed the 59-year-old was somehow oblivious to the Olympian's situation - which she attributed to a serious lack of communication’

The pair had been married for almost a quarter of a century, tying the knot in 1991, with their divorce expected to be officially finalized next month.

In the dark?: The report claims Kris has been aware of her husbands feelings 'since they were married', despite recently claiming she knew nothing about it

Long time coming? A report by TMZ claims that Bruce had a 'sexual identity crisis' years ago

Crash: On Saturday the 65-year-old was involved in a fatal car crash in Malibu that left one person dead

On Saturday Bruce Jenner was involved in a fatal four car accident which left one person dead.

A 69-year-old neighbor of the family was killed after being rear-ended by Bruce's Cadillac Escalade Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu, Los Angeles, which then pushed her into the path of an on-coming Hummer. Police are checking phone records to see if he was texting at the time.

The incident will undoubtedly make the normally attention-hungry family even more media shy.

Wreckage: The victim of Saturday's has been named as 69-year-old Kim Howe, one of the former Olympian's neighbors

Tested: Police conducted a mandatory sobriety test, and are also investigating if any of the drivers involved were using their phones at the time

The Kardashians recently made the unprecedented decision not to promote the tenth season of their reality show, primarily in a bid to avoid questions about Bruce's gender swap.

It has been reported that the issue will be addressed in an upcoming episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, which is due to return to screens this spring.

Meanwhile the gold medalist is said to be filming his own docu-series about the whole ordeal which will also run on E later this year.

United: Jenners daughters and adopted daughters Kylie, Kendall, Khloe, Kourtney and Kim are said to be in full support of his change, but are avoiding media questions on it

