www.etonline.com/news/221317_kourtney_kardashian_opens_up_about_restricting_her_kids_screen_time

Liz Calvario

Kourtney Kardashian Opens Up About Restricting Her Kids' Screen Time: 'The Kids Don't Really Play With iPads a



Kourtney Kardashian is a strict parent when it comes to her kids using technology.

The 38-year-old Keeping Up With the Kardashian reality star, who is mom to sons Mason, 7, and Reign, 2, and daughter Penelope, 5,shared her "technology rules" for her kids on her personal app on Tuesday.



RELATED: Penelope Disick Gets $1 After Grandma Kris Jenner Curses in Front of Her and It’s the Cutest

Kourtney begins by explaining how "it’s tough to know what's best for our kids when it comes to technology" but says she's found a method that works best for her children.

"Now that all my kids are over the age of two, I do allow them limited time to play video games and watch television," she explains. "We have a game room, so I allow 30 minutes of video game time during the week and an hour on the weekends."



RELATED: Kourtney Kardashian Shares Hilarious Picture of Upset Baby Dream: ‘She’s Not Into Selfies Yet’

During the week, the kiddos "don't really play with iPads at all," she says, adding, "We used to let them use iPads at restaurants, but rules evolve as kids grow and we learned that didn't always work for us. We want to be able to communicate and have conversations with the kids while eating together—so we try not to have TV or iPads out during breakfast, lunch or dinner."

At night, the family usually cuddles up and watches a movie before their bedtime routine, which includes reading books together."[We] never have iPads during this time (which the kids don't even miss, since they love our reading routine)."

Kourtney also notes that she tries to come up with creative activities for her kids. "Every family is different, but these rules work for us!" she explains.

One of those many creative activities includes having Penelope star in her own YouTube-like tutorials. The eldest Kardashian recently shared two clips of her little girl teaching people how to make slime.



WATCH: North West and Penelope Disick Celebrate Joint 'Moana'-Themed Birthday Bash: See the Adorable Pics!

The Kardashian family also seems to have a rule when it comes to cursing. In June, Kourtney shared a hilarious video of Penelope collecting a dollar after her Glam-Ma, Kris Jenner, "said a bad word." See more of the adorable moment in the video below.

