evoke.ie/2017/08/13/showbiz/actress-ruth-negga-brad-pitt-ad-astra



Irish actress Ruth Negga to see her Hollywood star status SOAR

She may not have won the Oscar, but there’s shortage of blockbuster roles for actress Ruth Negga, who is next set to star alongside Hollywood A-lister Brad Pitt.

The Irish-Ethiopian beauty has reportedly signed on to feature in upcoming sci-fi adventure Ad Astra.

The film tells the story of a man’s journey across a lawless and unforgiving solar system to find his missing father, a scientist who poses a threat to all mankind.

The flick will be directed by James Grey and also rumoured to be lined-up for a part is silver screen is veteran Tommy Lee Jones. Details about and Pitt – also on board as a producer – and Negga’s role are being kept under wraps for now.

Last year Negga, 35, attracted international attention when she received an Academy Award nomination for her role in the historical drama Loving. Although she missed out on the Best Actress gong at the ceremony in February, she’s clearly not stuck for work.

IFTA winner Negga, who initially rose to fame on home shores in RTE’s Love/Hate and E4 series Misfits, is currently starring in season two of AMC’s comic book adaptation Preacher. The actress appears opposite her other half, British boyfriend Dominic Cooper, 39, in the drama.

‘It would be so lonely if he wasn’t there,’ she said about working with her leading man.

‘People say, “Never go out with an actor.” But if you were with someone with a normal job, and one of you had to go away, how would that work?’

The couple, who have been together since 2009, maintain a low-profile approach to their relationship.

However, last month in an interview with Net-a-Porter’s The Edit, Negga gave some insight into her romance with Cooper and spoke about the idea of having children. She revealed she is constantly thinking about ‘when’ and ‘if’ she would like children.

Negga said: ‘By the time you’re in a great relationship, it’s like, oh, I’m 35. S***. So there is part of your thinking that is: “Do I want kids? When? If? How?”

‘It’s there, all the time, preoccupying me. And that’s not being an actor, it’s being a woman. I don’t know what [job] really creates a safe space for a woman to have time out, prolong the human race, and return to work in a very supportive way.’

