www.wonderwall.com/celebrity/george-clooney-rented-private-island-for-amal-clooney-birthday-3012609.article?photoId=1015254



George Clooney Rented Private Island For Amal Clooney Birthday?

George Clooney rented a private island for Amal Clooney's birthday, according to a tabloid report. It's even claimed the actor spent as much as $2 million for the celebration. Gossip Cop, however, is exclusively told by a rep for the couple that the claims aren't true.

Lower/SilverHub/REX/Shutterstock

The allegations are featured in the New Zealand edition of Woman's Day, under the headline, "Party In Paradise: George Spoils His Girl." The story begins by asserting that although the Oscar winner is now a father of twins, he "still knows how to keep the romance alive, treating his wife Amal to a lavish $2 million worth of gifts to celebrate her 40th birthday early this month." A so-called "insider" is quoted as saying, "George wanted to go all-out for Amal's milestone and do something extra-special, so he hired out a private island."

Amal's birthday was on February 3 and it's not said exactly when this supposed trip allegedly took place. But the gossip magazine maintains George "had been scouting locations for months before deciding on the exclusive Fijian island resort of Vatu Vara, which set him back more than $1.2 million for a six-night stay."' It's further claimed he enlisted a "top event-planning team from Los Angeles to arrange everything, including chefs, a spectacular fireworks display and the arrival of all her loved ones."

"Money was no object," contends the outlet's supposed source, asserting, "It was absolutely perfect. Amal had the time of her life and George ensured it was a birthday to remember." The publication also details other "pricey birthday treats" the star supposedly gave his wife, including a $400,000 gold antique bracelet. As for which "loved ones" were present for this alleged vacation, it's claimed, "George flew in Amal's close pals Rande Gerber and Cindy Crawford."

There's even a picture of the two couples together. But Gossip Cop recognized Amal's metallic gold dress, and after a little digging, we discovered that the photo is actually from 2015, which is why it looked familiar. So, where are the real snapshots from this trip? The tabloid has none because this purported "party in paradise," as the magazine deems it, "never happened," a rep for the Clooneys exclusively tells Gossip Cop.

While the couple did celebrate her 40th birthday, there was no renting of a private island in Fiji. On the contrary, they didn't even leave the U.S. George actually whisked Amal away for a 24-hour getaway to Big Sur for her special day. The outlet was apparently too busy making up details about a fictional trip to report on the real one that actually took place.

More on Gossip Cop:

Story claiming the truth about Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez having kids is made-up

Sofia Richie and Scott Disick are NOT moving to Mexico

Prince William NOT struggling with parenthood despite report

