www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/jennifer-anistons-revenge-best-reactions-to-brangelina-split-w441100/

Evan Real

Jennifer Aniston's Revenge: Best Reactions to Brangelina Split





#TeamAniston. Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from Brad Pitt after over a decade together and two years of marriage, Us Weekly confirmed on Tuesday, September 20. While some social media users are mourning the end of one of Hollywood’s most celebrated love stories, many can’t forget the complicated origin of Brangelina’s epic love affair.

As fans are well aware, the Fight Club actor, 52, and the Oscar-winning actress, 41, met on the 2004 set of Mr. and Mrs. Smith. At the time, Pitt was married to Jennifer Aniston. After the Friends alum, 47, reportedly discovered that her then-husband was cheating on her with his sexy costar, she called it quits on their five-year marriage. Months later, Pitt and Jolie went public with their controversial romance.

During a now-legendary 2008 interview with Vogue, Aniston — who married Justin Theroux in August 2015 — broke her silence about the scandal. “That stuff about how she couldn’t wait to get to work every day?” she said, referring to former comments made by Jolie to W magazine. “That was really uncool.”

Now that the Pitt-Jolie saga is coming to a close, Twitter can’t help but revel in Aniston’s revenge. From creative memes to hilarious comments, Us has rounded up the best online reactions.

https://twitter.com/faith_x1/status/778259962640334848

The only good thing about this #Brangelina trending are all the #JenniferAniston gifs pic.twitter.com/GIaJIPzkSR — Renee H (@mtgreiunicorn) September 20, 2016

The internet is freaking out over the demise of #Brangelina and Jennifer Aniston is over here like pic.twitter.com/AQMkHatoWg — Alexis Shaw (@alexisshaw92) September 20, 2016

“The same way you get him is the same way you lose him” has never been so true #Brangelina pic.twitter.com/yqpAWxa4dF — Ida. (@aileenasclaudia) September 20, 2016

https://twitter.com/hananmohamed122/status/778303236134535168

According to TMZ, Jolie filed divorce documents Monday, September 19, citing irreconcilable differences. Jolie is reportedly requesting physical custody of their six children, Maddox, 15, Pax, 12, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, and twins Knox and Vivienne, 8. TMZ reported that she requested that Pitt only get joint legal custody. She is not asking for spousal support.

Jolie’s rep issued a statement to Us on Tuesday regarding her decision to permanently part ways with the eternal heartthrob. “Angelina Jolie Pitt has filed for dissolution of the marriage,” the statement read. “This decision was made for the health of the family. She will not be commenting at this time, and asks that the family be given their privacy during this difficult time.”

A source told Us that the A-List pair frequently fought over how they parented their children. “[Angelina] did try to make it work, but her kids come first and she couldn’t let them see Mommy and Daddy like this,” the insider told Us. “The fighting got worse and they disagreed a lot about parenting and a lot of things.”

