www.thewrap.com/homecoming-teaser-julia-roberts-amazon-video/

Jennifer Maas, Tim Baysinger, Ashley Boucher, Sean Burch

VIDEO: 'Homecoming' Teaser: Julia Roberts Is Ready to 'Get Started'

“Shall we get started?”

Amazon revealed the first teaser trailer for “Homecoming,” its upcoming psychological starring Julia Roberts, during the Prime Video panel at San Diego Comic-Con 2018 on Friday. And though it only gives us a tiny glimpse of Roberts in character as caseworker Heidi Bergman (she literally just scribbles down some notes, says the above line to someone off camera and then clicks on a tape recorder) we’re already entranced by her calm, collected mannerisms. Luckily, Amazon also revealed that you won’t have to wait much longer, as “Homecoming” will premiere this November on the streaming service.

The rest of the one-minute clip promoting the mind-bending drama directed by “Mr. Robot” creator Sam Esmail, explores the abandoned halls of what we can safely assume is the titular Homecoming Transitional Support Center where Heidi workers, a Geist Group facility helping soldiers transition back to civilian life.

Also Read: 'My Best Friend's Wedding' Reunion: Dermot Mulroney Joins Julia Roberts on Amazon's 'Homecoming'

Walter Cruz (Stephan James) is one of these soldiers, eager to begin the next phase of his life. Overseeing Heidi and the facility is Colin Belfast (Bobby Cannavale), an ambitious company man whose manic demands point to questionable motives.

Four years later, Heidi has started a new life, living with her mother (Sissy Spacek) and working as a small-town waitress, when a Department of Defense auditor (Shea Whigham) comes to her with questions about why she left the Homecoming facility. Heidi begins to realize that there’s a whole other story behind the story she’s been telling herself.

Based on the popular podcast of the same name, “Homecoming” is created by Eli Horowitz and Micah Bloomberg. Along with Roberts, the cast includes Jeremy Allen White, Alex Karpovsky and Dermot Mulroney, among others.

Also Read: Frances McDormand Joins Amazon's 'Good Omens' Series as the Voice of God

Mulroney is set for a recurring guest star role as Anthony, Heidi’s (Roberts) boyfriend, who is eager to please, but a bit needy and grows increasingly frustrated with Heidi’s lack of attention to him and their relationship.

“Homecoming” is produced by Esmail through his production company Esmail Corp; as well as “Mr. Robot” executive producer Chad Hamilton of Anonymous Content; the podcast’s Horowitz and Bloomberg; and Chris Giliberti, Alex Blumberg, and Matt Lieber of Gimlet Media. Roberts will also serve as executive producer through her production company Red Om Films; her partners Lisa Gillan and Marisa Yeres Gill will co-executive produce.

Watch the trailer above.

“Homecoming” will debut Friday, Nov. 2 on Prime Video.

