www.travelandleisure.com/travel-tips/celebrity-travel/prince-harry-quit-smoking-for-meghan-markle

Https, Plus.Google.Com, Travelandleisure Posts, Stacey Leasca

Meghan Markle Helped Prince Harry Kick a Life-threatening Habit (Video)

Prince Harry has turned over a new, more healthful, leaf.

The once famous party boy appears to have completely changed his ways now that he is engaged to American actress Meghan Markle.

While everyone certainly expected the prince to give up a few of his wild child antics, like partying in Vegas and hanging out in London pubs, Markle has reportedly influenced her future husband so greatly that he’s even dropped one of his worst habits: smoking.

Related: Why Meghan Markle, Like Kate Middleton, Will Never Actually Be a Princess

According to Business Insider, just a few short years ago the popular royal could go through a pack of cigarettes a day, but now that he’s betrothed to Markle, who lives an exceptionally healthy lifestyle, he has reportedly kicked the nasty addiction.

Image zoom Getty Images

"Harry has promised no smoking at all at home. It's not nice for Meghan as a non-smoker," a friend of the couple told the Daily Mail. "So there's no more hanging out of the window for a quick puff. Harry has quit for Meghan."

Related: The Surprising Place Where Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Will Live

And it’s a good thing she stepped in to help Harry quit, because smoking inside their home at Kensington Palace is actually banned. As a royal staff member told the Daily Mail, “Royal Household sites have been smoke free premises since November 21, 2016.” This includes Kensington, Buckingham, Windsor Castle, St James’s Palace, and all other homes of the royal family.

However, Harry wasn’t the only royal affected by the smoking ban and in need of a cigarette intervention.

According to the Daily Mail, Harry’s stepmother Camilla once had a 10 cigarette a day habit, which Prince Charles reportedly hated. Thankfully, she too quit smoking after visiting an alternative health practitioner 15 years ago and has since remained smoke-free.

Luckily for Markle, all this seems to point to the fact that her royal wedding, which will take place in May at St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle, will be a smoke-free and relatively healthy affair. Hey, they will be indulging in a lot of fancy wedding cake, after all.

