radaronline.com/videos/rob-kardashian-abuse-allegations-caught-camera/

Radar Staff, July

Rob Kardashian – Abuse Allegations Caught On Camera

Rob Kardashian CAUGHT Slapping His Ex In The Face! Does this prove Blac Chyna's abuse allegations are true?

Rob Kardashian acting out-of-control is nothing new. RadarOnline.com has found footage of the troubled reality star with a short temper slapping his ex in the face!

As Radar has reported, Kardashian is currently at war with ex Blac Chyna, after his online hissy fit saw him slamming his baby mama for allegedly cheating on him.

Chyna snapped back with accusations of her own, claiming that she was abused by Rob, and that truth would soon come out.

Insiders deny that Rob was ever abusive, but he’s put his hands on a woman at least once before.

In an old clip clip from KUWTK, Rob is seen fighting with then-girlfriend Adrienne Bailon in front of Kris and the rest of his family. He berates the singer for “calling off the f***ing wedding in India.”

He then grabs her, and slaps her right across the face, as Kris looks on in horror.

“What is wrong with you?” Kris can be heard screaming at Rob, as she rushes to comfort Bailon. “I can’t even believe she’s standing in front of you right now.”

That’s when Rob and Bailon finally come clean, and admit the whole fight was staged. But it was certainly easy to convince the Kardashian clan that Rob had exploded.

The couple broke up in 2009. In an interview with Latina magazine, Bailon slammed Rob for allegedly cheating on her at the end.

“It’s common knowledge that he cheated on me,” she said. “It always bothered me that people were like, ‘Pero, why couldn’t you forgive him?’ Why are women always the ones who have to forgive? If you cheated on a man, he would be like, ‘You’re disgusting, and I want nothing to do with you.’ But women, we’re supposed to be like, ‘He messed up. He made a mistake.’”

Do you think it’s ok to joke about domestic violence or was Rob out of line? Let us know in the comments section.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

