au.news.yahoo.com/queen-orders-meghan-markle-royal-bootcamp-211145307.html

Elizabeth Di Filippo

Queen orders Meghan Markle into royal bootcamp

Now that Meghan Markle is officially a member of the royal family, there are strict rules she has to adhere to as the Duchess of Sussex.

To make sure the former actress doesn’t bring shame upon the royal house of Windsor, Queen Elizabeth is ordering six months of training in royal protocol.

The Queen has entrusted her senior aide, Samantha Cohen, with the task of showing the Duchess the ropes, and has even relocated Samantha from Buckingham Palace to Kensington Palace to be closer to Meghan.

Meghan officially became part of the royal family after her May 19 wedding to Prince Harry. Photo: Getty More

“It will be six months of listening,” a source told the Daily Mail.

“She is seeking out advice from a range of people. She is going to proceed with humility. It is not going to be quiet, though. It is going to be a very busy office. She has worked every day of her life. she is used to a demanding schedule.”

Samantha is said to be a no-nonsense instructor.

The Queen is determined to make sure Meghan undergoes intensive training, and has enlisted her own staff. Photo: Getty More

Samantha was seen attending Prince Harry and Meghan’s wedding. Photo: Getty More

Nicknamed, ‘Samantha the Panther’, she’s said to have worked closely with Meghan to prepare her for the Buckingham Palace Garden Party celebrating Prince Charles’s 70th birthday.

Samantha the Panther bared her claws when she was tasked with planning a party at Buckingham Palace to celebrate the 200 most powerful women in Britain.

She reportedly snubbed British a-list celebrity, Victoria Beckham with the snipe, “being rich is not enough” to be invited to the party.

Be careful, Meghan!

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex at Prince Charles’s 70th birthday celebration. More

Got a story tip? Send it to tips@yahoo7.com.au

Want more celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news? Follow Be on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram.

