www.journalpost.com/enterainment/leonardo-dicaprio-kisses-camila-morrone/



Leonardo DiCaprio seen cozying up to Al Pacino’s step-daughter, Camila Morrone, during the Eminem show at Coachella

Leonardo DiCaprio was seen kissing his 20-year-old girlfriend, Camila Morrone, at the Eminem show during Coachella.

The Oscar winning actor, Leo, is famous for dating younger models. And this time it was none other than Morrone, the step-daughter of Hollywood acting legend Al Pacino.

Daughter of actors Maximo Morrone and Lucile Sola, Morrone, has been romantically linked to DiCaprio for several months now. Rumors of the two being together first started in the middle of December, when DiCaprio was seen leaving her house. They have been spotted together numerous times ever since.

Sola, 38, has been dating 77-year-old Al Pacino for over 8 years, making him Morrone’s de facto stepfather.

REAL LIFE. REAL NEWS. REAL VOICES Help us tell more of the stories that matter from voices that too often remain unheard. Support Journal Post

DiCaprio and Morrone were seen enjoying the show at Coachella together. While Morrone was dressed normally, the Titanic actor attempted to be incognito by wearing a large hoodie and baseball cap. The two cuddled and kissed throughout the show.

Afterwards, they lounged on the grass outside a tent… with DiCaprio eating while Morrone was lying down with her head in his lap.

The pair were also seen at the Neon Carnival and Rihanna’s FentyxPuma party. Before Coachella, they were last seen together in late March at breakfast in West Hollywood. In February, the two were spotted at Ellen Degeneres’ birthday party in LA together. And in January, the couple went to Colorado together with Tobey Maguire.

Morrone has worked as a model, appearing on the cover of Vogue Turkey and walking for Moschino’s 2017 resort collection. She is now working her way into acting. She appeared in James Franco’s Bukowski and in Death Wish, starring Bruce Willis.

Leonardo has been known to exclusively date younger women (usually supermodels) in the past: Kristen Zang, Amber Valletta, Helena Christensen, Naomi Campbell, Gisele Bundchen, Bar Rafaeli, Blake Lively and Erin Heatherton are just some of the names in Leo’s little black book.

