www.mirror.co.uk/3am/style/celebrity-fashion/kate-middleton-wears-yellow-alexander-12550855

Danielle Stacey, Image, Getty, Pa, Daily Mirror

Kate Middleton accused of trying to upstage bride Meghan Markle with her royal wedding outfit

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest Royal Family stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

The Duchess of Cambridge looked gorgeous in a 'cream' tailored coat by fashion favourite Alexander McQueen for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding at St George's Chapel, in Windsor.

Of course, it's the same designer who created Kate's wedding dress for her big day in April 2011.

Kate arrived at the service hand-in-hand with the bridesmaids, including daughter Princess Charlotte, 3, who were dressed in white with rose-adorned headbands.

She teamed her ensemble with a matching Philip Treacy hat and shoes by Jimmy Choo.

Though undeniably stunning, the Duchess' choice created a stir as wedding protocol dictates that only the bride wears white when tying the knot.

(Image: Getty)

(Image: Getty) (Image: PA)

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

Many viewers took to Twitter to complain about the colour.

"I'm no wedding expert... but should Kate Middleton be wearing white to a wedding if it's not her wedding?"

"Is Kate Middleton srsly (sic) wearing white to the #RoyalWedding "

" Kate Middleton : the only person in the world who can get away with wearing white at a wedding."

"Kate Middleton in white ... she just can’t take that it’s someone else’s day."

"Doesn’t Kate Middleton know you shouldn’t wear white/ivory to a wedding????"

However, the truth is the outfit is actually a "primrose yellow wool silk tailored coat", NOT a white or cream dress.

It's the fourth time Kate has worn this outfit, including to Charlotte's christening in July 2015

(Image: PA)

It’s one of the first times we’ve seen the Duchess of Cambridge in public since she gave birth to her third child Prince Louis on April 23.

Kate wore a red bespoke Jenny Packham dress with a white lace collar to introduce her baby boy to the world, as she and William left the Lindo Wing at St Mary’s Hospital.

She was also spotted on her way to Windsor two days before the wedding for the rehearsal, wearing sunglasses and a floral Michael Kors dress .

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

(Image: Daily Mirror) (Image: PA)

She showed off her style credentials throughout her third pregnancy , recycling coats and dresses from when she was expecting George and Charlotte.

Kate is a pro at wedding guest style , always looking elegant without upstaging the bride.

For her sister Pippa’s wedding last May, she wore a blush pink midi dress also by Alexander McQueen, which matched the sash of Charlotte’s flower girl dress.

