www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2017/06/oj-simpson-keeping-up-with-the-kardashians

Condé Nast, Laura Bradle

O.J. Simpson Reportedly Keeps Up with the Kardashians in Prison

The Kardashian-Simpson feedback loop continues. According to Inside Edition, O.J. Simpson—who is up for parole this October after serving the first nine years of a 33-year prison sentence on 12 charges, including kidnapping and armed robbery—has received comparatively cushy treatment while incarcerated. He has even found a new favorite show. You may have heard of it: Keeping Up with the Kardashians.

A former prison guard told the newsmagazine that Simpson “likes Keeping Up with the Kardashians.” More specifically: “He likes to keep up with all the gossip with them.”

Last year, The People vs. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story illuminated the ties between the Simpson family and the Kardashian clan for casual fans who may not have been aware of their connection—largely helped by David Schwimmer’s “Juice!”-y performance as the late Kardashian patriarch, Robert. Robert, father of Kim, Kourtney, Khloé, and Rob Kardashian, was one of Simpson’s best friends; his first wife (and the mother of his children), Kris, was very close with the slain Nicole Brown Simpson. (Regrettably, Simpson has not seen American Crime Story, reports Inside Edition, “because the prison doesn’t get the FX network.”)

At the time A.C.S. was airing, Kim Kardashian West told GQ that she “loved” the FX drama. She also revealed that she had gone through the Louis Vuitton bag that was presented as evidence during Simpson’s murder trial—only to find it empty. Amusingly enough, Simpson was not quite as enthusiastic about the Kardashian-starring E! reality show—at least, not at first.

In O.J.: Made in America, memorabilia dealer Thomas Riccio—who was involved in the fiasco that landed Simpson in prison—said that K.U.W.T.K. was playing in the background as Simpson and company planned their ill-fated confrontation. Simpson, Riccio said, spotted the show and said, “That’s my goddaughter. Her name is Kim!” Then he added, “That show ain’t going to last two weeks.”

