www.dailytelegraph.com.au/entertainment/kim-kardashian-and-nicole-kidman-spotted-with-shocking-bald-patches/story-e6frewyr-1226292135981?sv=5c8508ae9b09b2bb69fa42b988b6d591



Kim Kardashian and Nicole Kidman spotted with shocking bald patches

FIRST Kim Kardashian shocked onlookers when she arrived at Paris Fashion Week with a noticeable bald patch, now our very own Nicole Kidman has been spotted with one as well.

Both A-Listers were snapped by paparazzi within days of each other and were shown with thinning hair.



The Daily Mail reported that Kim Kardashian shocked onlookers at Charles De Gaulle airport this morning when she arrived for Paris Fashion Week sporting a large bald spot.

Pictures: Kardashian sisters in Australia

Video: Kim Kardashian talks babies

Pictures: Kim Kardashian and other famous celebrity bums

The perennially groomed 31-year-old reality star was seen with a thinning patch at the side of her head.

Kardashian, who is known for shelling out thousands for her long brown hair extensions, appears to be paying a high price for her hair styling regime.

Naomi Campbell, Alexandra Burke and Tamara Beckwith have all suffered from hair loss as a result of over-tight extensions and weaves - and just general hair abuse.

Trichologists say that quite often with celebrity hair thinning or loss nowadays, hair extensions are to blame.

The traction caused by wearing the hair pieces over long periods of time weakens the hair - which then isn't helped by chemical and heat treatments like dyes and straighteners.

Nicole Kidman showed off a noticeable thin patch on the side of her head as she arrived at Los Angeles Airport today.

Pictures: Nicole Kidman through the years



The red-haired actress, who carried her own two bags to a waiting limousine, had her hair tied back with a clip giving onlookers a glimpse of a thinning patch.

Wearing skinny leather trousers, a black scarf, black shoes and a black coat, she also flashed her huge wedding ring as she was greeted at LAX by two burly bodyguards after a trip to Paris, also for fashion week.

Originally published as Kardashian and Kidman going bald?

