www.looptt.com/content/rihanna-said-have-faith-god-nothing-about-praying-satan-3

Kerri Gooding

Rihanna said have faith in God, nothing about praying to satan

The rumor mill is churning out some fake news about Barbados' own Rihanna.

In a video being circulated, which is entitled - Rihanna: ‘If Jesus Hasn’t Answered Your Prayers, Try Satan’, published December 2, 2017, on the World News Today YouTube Channel, a scripted voice says that Rihanna told the audience that growing up in Bridgetown was not easy and that you have to work twice as hard to make it. And the British anonymous voice went on to say that she said:

"You have to hustle. I’m still hustling, but I am living proof that you can do anything... If you came here for tips I can give y’all the biggest one straight off...

"If y'all have prayed to Jesus for years, prayed with all your hearts and got nothing back from him? ... Jesus doesn't care about you. Do you really even think he even listening? Hot tip y'all because you are my people, be efficient, go to satan."

Then it went on to claim that the Prime Minister of Barbados the Rt. Hon. Freundel Stuart intervened hastily and shocked parents removed their children. On the night in question, the Prime Minister conferred the title of Cultural Ambassador on Robyn 'Rihanna' Fenty.

The only thing the video got right in that blurb was the name of Barbados' Prime Minister.

There was also an article on YourNewsWire.com with the same title and the same quotes written by Baxter Dmitry and posted December 1, 2017.

Loop News was there on site and recorded Rihanna's speech. Honoured, the young Grammy-award winner encouraged children and persons to believe in their dreams and have faith in God.

Rihanna told the crowd which included her friends and family, and numerous dignitaries, that she had no idea how she would get discovered on this little Rock but her dreams started on Westbury New Road, now named Rihanna Drive and she believed in her dreams, so "believe in your dreams", as cliche as it may sound.

Rihanna added:

"I always knew it would happen, I always focused on the result, and that kind of faith, it really was just faith that childlike faith, that even now when I get a little bit discouraged or doubtful, it’s the thing that I go back to, having faith in God, like that even as a child.”

(Photo caption: Rihanna with her head bowed during the opening prayer at the renaming ceremony. (PHOTO: Richard Grimes))

On the fake YouTube video many people in the comments said that the video was a hoax and a lie. People called for the voice clip and video showing Rihanna making that fabricated speech and they asked why the video was missing from all other news agencies.

The ceremony was also broadcast live on TV in Barbados so tens of thousands of Bajans can refute the lies in the video and article aforementioned as well.

See Loop's video taken November 30, 2017, at Rihanna Drive in Barbados, with Rihanna's speech below:

