www.vanityfair.com/style/2018/07/prince-harry-meghan-markle-united-states-tour-report

Condé Nast, Josh Dubof

Are Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Coming to the U.S.?

The cover of Us Weekly this week features a Photoshopped composite of our pals Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, with an American flag floating just above Meghan’s head. “COMING TO AMERICA!” the cover line shouts (with the similarly all-caps question touted beneath: “BUT IS HER DAD ON THE LIST?”).

Yes, the magazine claims that, per a Palace insider, Harry and Meghan are in the midst of planning a U.S. tour in the spring of 2019 (their first full-scale overseas tour as a married couple is set for this October, when they will travel to Australia and New Zealand timed for the Invictus Games). “They are so excited to head to the U.S.” the insider told the magazine. “Meghan is looking forward to introducing Harry to everything she loves about the U.S.” (Feel free to begin searching through the entries from the Tig you printed and arranged in a scrapbook to start deducing to which eateries and boutiques Meghan might introduce her husband.)

Us Weekly has additional posited details it is offering up, as well, claiming that the duo are “thinking New York, Washington, D.C., and California,” though they are “working to finalize locations and venues.” In California, they will reportedly visit San Francisco, where “they will meet with C.E.O.s and female tech entrepreneurs to encourage their involvement in the industry.” (Perhaps Meghan can pitch some Silicon Valley types on a Tig-esque recommendations app; or Harry can offer some suggestions on . . . maybe a polo V.R. experience?) “Meghan and Harry want to solidify ties between the U.K. and the U.S.,” the source says. “They want to highlight and foster these relationships.” There might be a Chicago component, as well, involving a stop at the Obama Foundation. While this is starting to sound like a quite sprawling tour already, there is also apparently talk of extending it to Canada, where Meghan lived (in Toronto) while she was filming Suits, for seven seasons.

The royal-related rumors—particularly Meghan-related ones—come fast and furious these days, so it’s hard to know exactly how seriously to take this report. A trip that involves stops in New York City, D.C., San Francisco, Chicago, and Canada, seems somewhat insane; on the other hand, they will surely visit the U.S. at some point soon, especially since Meghan is from here. (The publication notes that Meghan will be making an “unofficial” solo trip to New York and Los Angeles later this summer “to see family and friends.” We can only imagine what sort of comments Thomas Markle will be making if that trip does not involve a stop to see him.)

Vanity Fair has reached out to the Palace for comment on the report.

