pagesix.com/2017/07/20/was-kanye-involved-with-amanda-lepore-before-kim-k/

July

Was Kanye involved with Amanda Lepore before Kim K.?

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

After transgender New York nightlife fixture Amanda Lepore dished in her new memoir, “Doll Parts,” about a relationship with an unnamed rapper, sources have speculated the hip-hop maven in question could be Kanye West.

A New York Times profile this week on voluptuous Lepore says that in the book, “Ms. Lepore describes having an assignation with a famous rapper whose songs often play in the clubs she frequents. Soon after, she writes, he got married, and ‘I couldn’t help but think that his wife had a similar body type to me.’ ”

That sparked buzz that the unnamed rapper was West — now married to curvy reality queen Kim Kardashian.

But rap fans may have to keep guessing.

A pal of Kanye’s shot down any such rumors by telling us: “That is not within the realm of possibility.” Lepore did not get back to us to confirm or deny the identity of the rapper of her alleged “assignation.”

An attorney for West responded that the rapper has never met Lepore, and has never even heard of her.

Meanwhile, West is also being talked about in the Hamptons this week. A year ago, it was announced that he’d perform a special piece at the arty Watermill Center Summer Benefit & Auction with its influential artistic director Robert Wilson — but it was pulled last minute, and Ja Rule filled in.

At the time, a source explained to us that West couldn’t attend because “it was all too last-minute.”

And reps for the event added, “Robert Wilson and Kanye West have made an artistic decision to postpone their collaboration” until 2017.

But an updated tip sheet for this year’s benefit, which takes place July 29, went out Thursday with no mention of West. The benefit this year will honor French star Isabelle Huppert and late rocker Lou Reed, with a performance of a “poem with musical accompaniment” by Reed’s widow, Laurie Anderson.

A Watermill rep explained of West’s absence: “With the decision to make this year’s benefit a tribute to Lou Reed, it was natural curatorial progression to highlight a special performance by our honoree Laurie Anderson.”

West has kept a low profile since his breakdown last year.

