www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5123119/Ben-Affleck-introduces-Lindsay-Shookus-Jennifer-Garner.html

Monty Archibald For Dailymail.Com

Ben Affleck introduces Lindsay Shookus to Jennifer Garner

It was not the likeliest of cosy encounters.

But Ben Affleck reportedly introduced mistress Lindsay Shookus to estranged wife Jennifer Garner during a relaxed get together on Saturday.

The threesome were said to have enjoyed a lengthy 'hang out' session at the Pearl Harbor actress' home in the posh Pacific Palisades area of Los Angeles.

However, a representative for Jennifer has now confirmed with DailyMail.com that the meet-up did not occur.

Fly on wall moment: Ben Affleck reportedly introduced mistress Lindsay Shookus to estranged wife Jennifer Garner in a relaxed get together at her home on Saturday

According to paparazzi agency X17, which reported the introduction occurred: 'The lovebirds hit up Farm Shop in Brentwood around 4pm for a late afternoon bite, and then headed over to Jen’s pad in the Pacific Palisades for a sit-down.

'Our sources tell us the trio hung out for about an hour, and everything was quite friendly considering the circumstances!'

The 45-year-old actor, who has just starred as Batman in box office bomb Justice League, was spotted with his lover in the upmarket Brentwood area on Saturday, which is a short distance from the mother of his three children's home.

Doing the pop in: The dynamic duo were spotted in the Brentwood area on Saturday, which is close to Jennifer's Pacific Palisades pad

Warm welcome? It was reported she confronted the blonde about whether she was having an affair with her husband away back in 2015

Meanwhile, People previously reported Jennifer, 45, confronted the 37-year-old blonde about whether she was having an affair with her husband way back in 2015.

When the initial split was announced in 2015, it was alleged the Batman V Superman star 'had an affair with the pair's former nanny'.

In addition, multiple sources claimed Ben and Lindsay started having an affair all the way back in 2013, two years before he had separated from his wife.

Lindsay was also married at the time to SNL producer Kevin Miller, who sired her four-year-old daughter Madeline, however they split up in 2014.

That was also a memorable year for Ben, as he demanded the fact an ancestor had been a slave owner be omitted from his appearance on PBS genealogy series Finding Your Roots, a fact that emerged during the Sony email hacking scandal.

Jennifer has remained single, focusing on her children since her split from her husband of 10 years in June 2015.

Daddy cool: Ben and Jennifer had three children together before splitting

