variety.com/2018/tv/news/big-little-lies-season-2-shailene-woodley-laura-dern-zoe-kravitz-1202702631/

Joe Otterson, Tv Reporter, Https, Twitter.Com Joeotterson, Joe'S Most Recent Stories, View All

‘Big Little Lies’ Season 2: Shailene Woodley, Laura Dern, Zoë Kravitz Set to Return

Shailene Woodley, Laura Dern, and Zoë Kravitz are officially on board for “Big Little Lies” Season 2, HBO announced Friday.

Woodley returns as Jane Chapman, with Dern coming back as Renata Klein, and Kravitz reprising the role of Bonnie Carlson. The trio join previously announced returning cast members Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman, with Meryl Streep also joining the second season as Perry’s mother.

In the second season, while processing Perry’s sudden death, Jane is trying to build a new life for herself and Ziggy. Renata is now faced with new challenges in her marriage, while Bonnie struggles with Perry’s death and is forced to face demons in her past.

Woodley and Dern were both nominated for an Emmy and a Golden Globe award in the supporting actress category for their work on the show’s first season, with Dern winning both awards.

Woodley is repped by Management 360 and Hyperion Talent. Dern is repped by CAA and Untitled Entertainment. Kravitz is repped by Paradigm and Untitled Entertainment.

HBO announced in December that “Big Little Lies” would return for a second season. Kidman and Witherspoon will again executive produce in addition to starring. Season 1 was based on the novel of the same name by Liane Moriarty, with Season 2 based on a new story by the author. David E. Kelley, who wrote and executive produced Season 1, will return in the same roles for Season 1. Andrea Arnold will direct all seven episodes.

Jean-Marc Vallée, who directed all of Season 1, will also executive produce along with Kelley, Kidman and Per Saari through Blossom Films, Witherspoon through Hello Sunshine, Bruna Papandrea, Nathan Ross, Gregg Fienberg and Arnold. Moriarty will also serve as producer.

“Big Little Lies” premiered on HBO in early 2017 and went on to win eight Primetime Emmy Awards at the 69th annual ceremony in Sept. of the same year, including best limited series or TV movie, and acting wins for Kidman, Dern, and Alexander Skarsgård.

