www.intouchweekly.com/posts/kanye-west-staying-with-caitlyn-jenner-twitter-rant-159298

Katie Corvino

Kanye West Is Staying With Caitlyn Jenner Following Slavery Comments and Twitter Rant





After Kanye West spiraled out of control on Twitter last week, his family is keeping their distance. The 40-year-old rapper went on a bizarre rant about philosophy, “the psychological zombie effect,” and his love for Donald Trump. He even shared photos of himself wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat. But things took a turn for the worse when Kanye suggested that 400 years of slavery was a choice during a TMZ interview, and now Kim Kardashian is at “her breaking point.” According to Life & Style, the mother-of-three wants a divorce after Kanye’s latest outburts. However, it looks like there’s still one person who’s welcoming him with open arms — and that’s Caitlyn Jenner.

“Kanye’s been staying at Cait’s the past few nights,” an insider exclusively tells In Touch. “She’s literally the only woman in the Kardashian clan who’s showing him major love as he expresses his political views. She understands him. She gets him. She loves him. And she’s incredibly supportive of his conservative views and only wants to encourage him to be his best self — just like he supported her when she was transitioning.”

It’s no secret Caitlyn has been a longtime supporter of Trump, even when people slammed her for betraying the LGBTQ communtiy. But more than that, Caitlyn — who has a distant relationship with the Kardashians after bashing Kris Jenner in her memoir — understands what it’s like to be at the center of controversy.

“He’s feeling a tremendous amount of resentment and backlash from his wife and her family, his friends in the hip-hop community, and many of his fans,” the source explains. “But through it all, he’s found peace, serenity, acceptance, and comfort in Cait’s house and he’ll never forget how much she’s been there for him.”

As previously reported by In Touch, Kim is mostly concerned about her husband ruining her family’s brand. “Kim is losing it,” the source revealed. “She doesn’t want Kanye putting himself out there like he’s doing because it’s ruining his brand and her family’s image. She thinks he’s doing more damage to their empire than good.”

