www.independent.co.uk/life-style/fashion/leonardo-dicaprio-eyebrow-artist-oscars-tobey-maguire-flight-la-a7601731.html

Rachel Hosie

A-listers flew eyebrow artist 7,500 miles to do their brows for the Oscars

How much effort do you put into the appearance of your eyebrows? Tinting? Threading? Pencilling in? Plucking the strays? Or perhaps nothing at all?

Well if you’re an A-lister with the eyes of the world watching, it seems no length is too extreme to ensure your brows are perfect.

Australian eyebrow-artist to the stars Sharon-Lee Hamilton was flown from Sydney to Los Angeles to tend to a select few celebrities’ brows before the 2017 Oscars.

Download the new Indpendent Premium app Sharing the full story, not just the headlines

We previously reported that Leonardo DiCaprio was one member of the Hollywood elite who flew Hamilton the 7,500 across the Pacific Ocean, but we have since learnt that this was incorrect.

Hamilton has previously revealed that when travelling on request, her costs are covered.

So with Hamilton’s signature brow consultation costing $200 (£124) for men, it’s safe to say the celebs will have paid a small fortune for their perfect Oscars brows.

Hamilton’s website states that the treatment includes: “A full face read, followed by an all-inclusive service that comprises any tints, stains or lightening required in conjunction with your full expert shaping.

“Included is an eyelash tint as well as a glycolic infused collagen eye treatment plus a full heated paraffin hand treatment followed by a light eye makeup application.”

Guests who visit Hamilton in one of her salons can enjoy a complimentary beverage including Champagne, wine and coffee.

However it’s likely that Champagne was not in short supply when Hollywood’s elite were getting ready for the biggest night of the year.

Whilst their outfits were critiqued to the nth degree, eyebrows suffered less scrutiny.

Hamilton has not revealed all the celebrities she treated before the Oscars, but her previous clients include Beyoncé, George Clooney, Kim Kardashian, Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, Serena Williams and Princess Mary of Denmark.

