radaronline.com/videos/justin-theroux-tell-all-jennifer-aniston-dark-secrets/

Radar Staff, February

Justin Theroux Threatens Jennifer Aniston Tell-All

Jen’s Horror! Aniston is beside herself as ex hubby Justin Theroux could reveal his former A-List lover’s deep, dark secrets in a scathing tell-all!

Theroux, 46, is said to be “warning” Aniston, 49, to “fight fair” when it comes to spilling dirt on their nasty split – or “he’ll have no hesitation whipping out the ‘tell-all’ card that would spell utter humiliation.”

Although Theroux rep denies the claims, a source tells Radar exclusively: “This isn’t Justin’s style but he figures he needs options if Jen fights dirty. If he did go on TV or give an interview that delved into their failed marriage he’d have so much to say about his own frustrations that otherwise won’t be aired.”

“Jen’s been a nightmare to live with, and Justin’s friends say it’s a charade that he’s being painted as a bad guy given what she did to him.”

As fans know, the couple called it quits on February 15, 2018 after only two years of marriage.

They released a joint statement: “In an effort to reduce any further speculation, we’ve decided to announce our separation. This decision was mutual and lovingly made at the end of last year. We are to have friends who have decided to part ways as a couple, but look forward to continuing our cherished friendship. Normally we would do this privately, but given that the gossip industry cannot resist an opportunity to speculate and invent, we wanted to convey the truth direction. Whatever else is printed about us but is not directly from us, if someone else is fictional narrative. Above all, we are determined to maintain the deep respect and love that we have for one another.”

The two haven’t been photographed together since early October, and in late November, Radar spotted Justin outside their New York City apartment carrying moving boxes — which sources called “an ominous red flag” at the time.

As Radar previously reported exclusively, the duo’s two-year marriage was on the brink and erupted into a face-to-face showdown over the holidays after they had spent two and a half months apart.

The vicious argument at their Bel-Air mansion on Dec. 14 was “the fight to end all fights,” according to insiders — who saw a furious Justin storm out and head to a luxury hotel. “It was a stupid argument — the kind of disagreement most couples have. But this time things spiraled out of control, and Jen flipped out,” a source tattled to Radar.

Theroux was also not present at Aniston’s 49th birthday earlier this month.

The Bad Bosses star and Theroux tied the knot in August 2015 in a private ceremony at their Bel Air home.

This was Aniston’s second marriage, her first, to Brad Pitt, ended shortly before her birthday in 2005 after he started a romance with Angelina Jolie.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

