www.biphoo.com/celebrity/selena-gomez/news/selena-gomez-justin-bieber-have-epic-new-years-eve-plans



Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber Have 'Epic' New Year's Eve Plans

Selena Gomez Biography

The greatest singing sensation of this world that started off in her teens and now she has become the world’s biggest star. Selena Gomez is one of those celebrities who has always given us the strength to survive the hard times and also is an inspiration for us to fight the world. Yes it is none other than our very favorite Selena Gomez.









Selena Gomez Early Life Specifics | Biographic | Age | Academy Specifics | Family Specifics







Selena Marie Gomez and she were born on July 22 in 1992 in Grand Prairie, Texas. She was born in the house of Ricardo Joel Gomez and a stage actress Amanda Dawn ‘Mandy’ Cornett. Selena Gomez father was a Mexican and her mother was adopted and had Italian ancestry. Gomez has two siblings. Selena Gomez sister, Gracie Elliot Teefey, was born to Amanda and her second husband Brian Teefey on June 12, 2013. Selena Gomez has a second sister, Victoria "Tori" Gomez, born to Ricardo and his wife Sara on June 25, 2014. Selena Gomez gained her high school diploma by doing homeschooling. Her mother was 16 years old when Selena Gomez was born and her mother had to face a lot of troubles growing her up and doing things. Selena Gomez and her mother frequently walked through the local dollar store so that they could go and have some spaghetti for dinner. Gomez stated, "I was frustrated that my parents weren't together, and never saw the light at the end of the tunnel where my mom was working hard to provide a better life for me. I'm terrified of what I would have become if I'd stayed in Texas."

Selena Gomez Age: 25 Years



Selena Gomez said that her mother was strong and brave to have given her birth at the age of 16 and also had done 3 jobs and also sacrificed her life for her. Selena Gomez was very close to her grandparents as they had always taken care of her while her parents finished their schools and they were always there for her till Selena Gomez got her success. Selena Gomez gained her interest in the entertainment industry as she watched her mother doing the stage shows. Selena Gomez began auditioning for various roles, meeting Demi Lovato during an audition for Barney and Friends. Both girls were later selected to appear on the series in 2002. Selena Gomez said that she had learned a lot of things on the sets of Barney. Then she along with Demi appeared for various auditions for Disney Channel and got many roles to play and also had an appearance on Suite Life of Zack and Cody in 2006.





Selena Gomez Most Popular Show | Numerous Award | First Movies | Emmy Awards | Song





In 2007 Selena Gomez breakthrough arrived when she was starred in eth Disney channel’s most popular show Hannah Montana portraying the role of pop singer Mikayla. During that time Selena Gomez was also shooting for the pilot episodes of two Disney series; one of which was Arwin and other were the spinoff of Suite life and Lizzie McGuire. Later on, she auditioned for the role of Alex Russo for Wizards of the Waverly Place. When Selena Gomez received this role Selena and her mother moved to Hollywood and at the same time Demi and parents also moved to Hollywood hoping to get the same fame as Selena’s. Selena Gomez got numerous awards and a nomination for that role and she also recorded the title track of the series named everything is not what it seems. In 2008 when Selena Gomez was dating one of the Jonas brothers Nick Jonas she appeared in the video of their song Burning-Up. Selena Gomez also appeared on one of the episodes of the Jonas Brothers TV series. While she was working on the second season of her show wizards, she appeared in Disney channel special Studio DC: Almost Live. Selena Gomez recorded a song for the animated movie Tinkerbell. For that song, Selena Gomez won the 2010 Writers Guild of America Award for Children's script-long form or special. Later she recorded 3 songs and released Tell Me Something I don’t Know as the promotional single. When Selena Gomez was 16 she signed her contract with Hollywood Record label who had already signed Miley and Demi. In 2008 Selena Gomez founded her own production company and named it as July Moon Productions.









Selena Gomez wanted to release two movies under the production of that company 1st named What Boys Want and the other being 13 Reasons Why, but neither of the films was released. Selena Gomez got her mainstream success with her crossover episode appearance in Suite Life playing Alex Russo. In June 2009 Selena Gomez acted in a Disney movie named Princess Protection Program along with Demi and the movie was a critical success. In August that year her movie Wizards of Waverly place: The movie was released which was the adaptation of her TV series. The film premiered to an audience of 11.4 million viewers becoming cable's No. 1 scripted telecast of 2009 and Disney Channel's second most-viewed film premiere after High School Musical 2. The film won the series its second consecutive Emmy for "Outstanding Children's Program" at the 62nd Primetime Emmy Awards. To get success in the world of music Selena Gomez formed a band named Selena Gomez & the Scene and they released their debut album in 2009 which booked its spot 9 on the US Billboard 200. In 2010 Selena Gomez was starred as one of the two leads in Ramona & Beezus. In 2011 her movie Monte Carlo came which went well at the box office. At that time Selena Gomez was dating Justin Beiber and the relationship lasted till 2014. Selena Gomez made several cameo appearances on different shows and movies and that year she also released her 3 and final studio album which got moderate views.





Selena Gomez Music Carrer | 37th Toronto International Film Festival | 34th Golden Raspberry Awards | First Song | American Music Awards





In the year 2012 Selena Gomez finally announced that she was going to take a break from her music career for a while and that was the year her Wizards series finally ended. Selena Gomez wanted to begin her career outside Disney now so she was starred in the movie Hotel Transylvania. The film was premiered at 37th Toronto International Film Festival. In 2013 Selena Gomez was starred in the movie Gateway opposite Ethan Hawke. The movie did critically bad and she earned Gomez a nomination for Worst Actress at the 34th Golden Raspberry Awards. Despite being on a break from music in 2013 Selena Gomez confirmed that she was working on something new which was a solo debut album and Come &Get It was the first song she released from the album. The single made its spot on top 10 lists of US billboard of hot 100. Selena Gomez album sold 97000 copies in its first week. Gomez appeared in the film Behaving Badly in 2014 with Dylan McDermott and Nat Wolff. In the month of April, that year news broke out that Selena Gomez has fired her mother and her stepfather as her managers. Selena Gomez then signed some other companies to manage her work. There were these rumors that after ending her management contract with her stepfather and mother her Hollywood record label contract was also ending and Selena Gomez was reaching out for some other label. Then out of surprise in 2014, she released her new single The Heart wants what it wants which was a great success. Selena Gomez officially signed her contract with Interscope Records in December 2014.









In 2015 Selena Gomez became a face of hair care brand Pantene. In June 2015 Selena Gomez released a single named Good for You from her second studio album featuring the rapper ASAP Rocky. Selena Gomez appeared in a documentary named Unity that year and also reprised her role of Mavis in Hotel Transylvania 2. Gomez had a cameo role in the film The Big Short, which was released on December 11 by Paramount Pictures. Selena Gomez was the musical guest on January 23, 2016, an episode of Saturday Night Live, with host Ronda Rousey. Gomez had a supporting role in the comedy film Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising; Selena Gomez portrayed the president of a sorority. Her collaboration with Charlie Puth, "We don’t talk anymore" in 2016 reached the top ten in the United States. Selena Gomez made her first public appearance at American Music Awards in 2016 where she was nominated for 2 awards. On February 4, 2017, Selena Gomez posted the first snippet of her next song It ain’t Me featuring DJ Kygo which was released on 16 Feb that year and was a huge hit and reached the US Billboard top 100. Selena Gomez serves as executive producer for the series adaptation of the novel Thirteen Reasons Why. On May 11 Selena Gomez released her new single named Bad Liar. Selena Gomez has always been successful at entertaining us with the best of her talents whether in acting or music.

Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber on Beach Hot Picture













Selena Gomez Social Media | Facebook | Twitter | Instagram





Selena Gomez Like every other celeb she loves her fans so much that she is always keeping them posted about each and every update of her life. Selena Gomez is active on many social media websites and we can see the love she has for her fans. These are the following social media profiles that she has been operating lately on social media:

Selena Gomez current net worth: $50 million







Selena Gomez Upcoming Movie : Hotel Transylvania 3





Selena Gomez 4K Wallpaper







Selena Gomez Hot Pics













Selena Gomez Hot & Sexy Photoshoots

















Selena Gomez Pic Collection









Selena Gomez Bikini Wallpaper







Selena Gomez Private Pics







Selena Gomez Beautiful Pic







Selena Gomez Hot Pics







Selena Gomez Hot Pics







Selena Gomez Celebrity Pics













