www.etonline.com/luke-bryan-says-katy-perrys-american-idol-kiss-was-just-fun-tv-98712

Jennifer Drysdale

Luke Bryan Says Katy Perry's 'American Idol' Kiss Was Just 'Fun TV'

Luke Bryan is sticking by Katy Perry.

The 41-year-old country singer defended his fellow American Idol judge after her headline-making kiss with contestant Benjamin Glaze, explaining on The Morning Show on Monday that the smooch was just "fun TV."

During Glaze's audition on Idol's season premiere, he confessed to the judges that he had never been kissed, just moments before Perry asked him for a kiss on the cheek, turning her head and kissing him on the lips. In an interview with The New York Times, Glaze said the kiss made him "uncomfortable immediately" and that he wished it could have been saved for his first relationship. He later clarified his comments to ET, calling the kiss "harmless."

“It’s unfortunate that stuff like that turns into a story that big,” Bryan said on The Morning Show. “I watched an actual interview where Ben, the kid that was involved, said that he was cool with everything.”

"I gotta back Katy on that. She’s in there working hard and making fun TV," he continued.

Bryan did admit that he, Perry and Lionel Richie aren't perfect, saying, "We are going to get it right sometimes and get it wrong sometimes."

"We’re in there critiquing people. I may say something one day that everybody’s not going to like. That’s just what you signed up for,” he shared. “At the end of the day, me and Lionel and Katy and Ryan [Seacrest], our hearts are in the right place.”

In Glaze's interview with ET, he said he didn't think Perry "had any malicious intent" by kissing him before his audition.

"Honestly it was show business. It was just kind of fun and games," he said. "Obviously it's gotten a huge amount of publicity, and I am more thankful for that than not."

"Before that, I had never kissed a girl, so I don't have anything to compare it to, to be honest," Glaze continued, guessing he'd rate the kiss at a "seven." "She seemed like she knew what she was doing."

See more in the video below.

RELATED CONTENT:

Katy Perry Subtly Shades Taylor Swift After 'Idol' Hopeful Confesses He 'Loves' Her -- Watch!

'American Idol' Contestant Says Katy Perry Surprise Kiss Was 'Harmless': 'I Was Just Shocked' (Exclusive)

‘American Idol’ Contestant Benjamin Glaze Says Katy Perry's Surprise Kiss Made Him ‘Uncomfortable Immediately’

