www.news.com.au/entertainment/celebrity-life/angelina-jolie-i-dont-enjoy-being-single-its-not-something-i-wanted/news-story/1006dbb17ea4e58a4db5034a90cd9f3c

The New York Post

Angelina Jolie: ‘I don’t enjoy being single’

ONE year after parting ways with Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie has revealed she’s still dealing with the negative effects.

“It’s been difficult. I don’t enjoy being single,” the mother of six told the UK’s Sunday Telegraph . “There’s nothing nice about it. It’s just hard.”

Jolie and Pitt were together a total of 12 years and married for just two years before calling it quits in September 2016.

“Sometimes maybe it appears I’m pulling it all together,” the 42-year-old actress said. “But really I am just trying to get through my days.”

While Jolie continues to sort out the details of her life, she’s also been facing some health concerns.

In 2013, the Maleficent actress underwent a double mastectomy, she also had her ovaries removed in 2015. And earlier this year, she revealed she’s dealing with hypertension and developed Bell’s Palsy.

“Emotionally it’s been a very difficult year,” she said. “And I have some other heath issues. So my health is something I have to monitor.”

Taking it a step further, she describes how her body is doing.

“I feel sometimes that my body has taken a hit, but I try to laugh as much as possible,” she said. “We tend to get so stressed that our children feel our stress when they need to feel our joy. Even if you are going through chemo, you need to find the ability to love and laugh. It may sound like a postcard, but it’s true.”

Now that Jolie doesn’t have any acting or directing projects on the table and her kids are getting older, she will refocus her time.

“I think now I need to rediscover a little bit of the old me,” she says. “I think we lose our way a bit. I have had a lot happen in my life, from certain people passing to health issues to raising the children. And it’s been a very good time to absorb and develop and grow.”

It comes after the former couple’s biographer, Ian Halperin, told The Mail on Sunday that they are “back together” after intense spiritual counselling.

Brad Pitt opens up about bitter divorce with Angelina Jolie Brad Pitt opens up about bitter divorce with Angelina Jolie

This story originally appeared in The New York Post and has been republished here with permission.

