www.express.co.uk/life-style/life/941988/meghan-markle-parents-mother-prince-harry-wedding-news-latest

Emily Hodgkin

Why did Meghan Markle leave the UK in secret last week before wedding to Prince Harry?

Meghan Markle is set to have her wedding next month, but sources claim the actress has left the country in recent news. The 36-year-old Suits actress, who has been dating Prince Harry for two years, left the UK last week. But royal fans needn’t worry - the royal-to-be is not getting cold feet. According to a source Meghan Markle flew back to her hometown of Los Angeles. The brunette is spending time with her mother Doria Ragland before the wedding, E! News reported.

Megahn Markle secret trip to see parents before Prince Harry wedding revealed - latest update

The source said: "Meghan is keen to include her mom as much as possible in the wedding plans, so spending time with her was the perfect chance to bring her up to speed on all the wedding details. "Meghan wants her mom to experience all of this with her. It's such an exciting time for her and Harry." Meghan’s mother is expected to attend the wedding of her daughter to the fifth-in-line to the British throne at St. George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle. The source also revealed that Meghan’s mother will be visiting London for an “extended trip” for the wedding. They said: "Being in London will also be [Doria's] first chance to see the amazing wedding gown up close!"

GETTY Meghan Markle: Secret trip to see parents before Prince Harry wedding revealed - latest update

GETTY Meghan Markle: Set to have her wedding next month to Prince Harry, 33

Meghan Markle’s mother has played a hug role in her life, revealed through the actresses musings in her now deleted blog. Meghan said of her mother Doria: “Nose ring. Yoga instructor. Social worker. Free spirit. Lover of potato chips & lemon tarts. "And if the DJ cues Al Green's soul classic 'Call Me,' just forget it. She will swivel her hips into the sweetest little dance you've ever seen, swaying her head and snapping her fingers to the beat like she's been dancing since the womb." It was revealed that Meghan Markle’s parents flew in to the UK for her baptism recently. The Sunday Times made the claims reporting that Doria flew in from Los Angeles, where she brought Meghan up, while her father flew from Mexico, where he lives now.

GETTY Meghan Markle: Brunette is spending time with her mother Doria Ragland before the wedding

