www.express.co.uk/news/royal/995722/Thomas-Markle-Meghan-Markle-Prince-Harry-cut-him-off-paparazzi-scandal-Kensington-Palace

Matthew Robinson, Thomas Markle

Royal silence! Thomas Markle claims Meghan has ‘CUT HIM OFF’ since paparazzi scandal

Thomas Markle has claimed that Meghan has totally cut him off after not speaking for over 10 weeks

The retired television lighting director stated he had no way of contacting his daughter after Royal aides cut off all telephone links in the wake of previous comments he made to the media regarding the Royal Family. Speaking to the Mail on Sunday, Mr Markle said: “I’m really hurt that she’s cut me off completely. “I used to have a phone number and text number for her personal aides at the Palace, but after I said a few critical words about the Royal Family changing Meghan, they cut me off.” He expressed his sadness over the fact he has no means of sending his daughter a card ahead of her birthday on August 4, stating that if he sent one to Kensington Palace it would just be “one among thousands”.

I’m really hurt that she’s cut me off completely Thomas Markle

He added that he will likely not be able to see his grandchild should Meghan and Harry have children in the imminent future. Expressing his anguish, he told the paper: “How tragic is that, to deprive a child of its grandfather because I said a few things critical of the Royal Family.” Mr Markle came under sharp criticism after it was revealed he was paid for a set of staged paparazzi photographs ahead of the Royal wedding in May. But he expressed his confusion after receiving contradicting advice on what to do in response to the scandal.

Mr Markle expressed his sadness that he may not be able to see his potential future grandchildren

He noted that a Royal aide had said the photos had “offended the Royal Family” and called on him to offer an apology. Prince Harry then reportedly contradicted this statement, noting it was “unnecessary” to issue an apology as it would only “drag the story out a few more days”. While noting that Meghan is still “everything” to him, he stated he had “just about reached his limit” with his daughter and the Royal Family. In a stark warning, he said: “They want me to be silent, they want me to just go away. But I won't be silenced.” He criticised Meghan for her “sense of superiority”, and noted he had helped make her into the “Duchess she is today”.

The Royal Family was reportedly 'offended' after Mr Markle staged a series of paparazzi photos

Meghan Markle's best fashion moments in pictures Sat, July 28, 2018 Meghan Markle style: The Duchess of Sussex's best looks in pictures. Play slideshow Getty 1 of 65 Meghan Markle style: The Duchess of Sussex's best looks

