www.westcoastsurrogacy.com/become-a-surrogate-mother/surrogate-mother-compensation



Surrogate Mother Compensation

Surrogate Compensation at West Coast Surrogacy

It takes a special person to become a surrogate mother. The gift that surrogates provide is both remarkable and generous. In addition to the feeling of joy you experience as a surrogate, we will help to ensure that you are paid for your efforts, including generous compensation for surrogacy-related expenses.

Become a Surrogate: Apply Today!

Surrogacy Agency benefit and compensation packages vary greatly. WCS is proud to offer one of the highest surrogacy base fees in the country, along with itemized expenses and allowances for individual circumstances.

Understanding how benefit packages are structured is an important factor in selecting your agency. Please contact our office to review your specific benefit package.

Gestational Surrogate Compensation

Our complete surrogate compensation schedule is provided below.

Base pay for experienced surrogate in California (paid in monthly installments, after detection of fetal heartbeat) $60,000.00 + expenses and allowances Base pay for first time surrogate in California (paid in monthly installments, after detection of fetal heartbeat) $50,000.00 + expenses and allowances Base fee for surrogate in all other states Please contact our office Additional monthly and other allowances Please contact our office Multiples fee – twin pregnancy $5,000.00 Multiples fee – triplet pregnancy $10,000.00 Cesarean section $3,000.00 Surrogate’s compensation for lost wages if surrogate is employed in the event of physician ordered rest, recovery from birth, missed time from work due to pregnancy and/or appointments. Spouse lost wages for specific appointments. Actual cost as determined Health insurance premium Monthly premium reimbursed if your policy is surrogate friendly Unique circumstances paid per occurrence: cancelled cycle fee, amniocentesis, CVS, D&C, fetal reduction, termination of pregnancy, loss of reproductive organ, ectopic pregnancy and other unexpected occurrences. Up to $10,000

How much does surrogacy pay from state to state?

Every surrogacy case is unique and involves many factors that can impact the overall compensation. The average amount of compensation, including expenses, can range from $50,000 to $80,000 depending on experience and the individual arrangements. In states like California, where surrogates are in high demand, surrogates may be paid slightly higher. Legal requirements and the costs of other services can also vary from state to state. However, the amount surrogate mothers get paid doesn't vary greatly between cities like Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago and Houston.

