radaronline.com/photos/gwen-stefani-blake-shelton-fly-on-private-jet-before-easter/

Radar Staff, April

Gwen Stefani Blake Shelton Fly On Private Jet Before Easter

Gwen Stefani and Zuma, Kingston, and Apollo – and RadarOnline.com has the photos! The Voice co-stars and lovers spent a week in Oklahoma on Shelton's ranch where they all celebrated the kids' spring break right before Easter. Scroll down Radar's gallery for more on how Stefani, Shelton, and her boys are looking like one big happy family. and Blake Shelton flew back into L.A. on Saturday, March 31, on his private jet with her sons, and– and RadarOnline.com has the photos! The Voice co-stars and lovers spent a week in Oklahoma on Shelton's ranch where they all celebrated the kids' spring break right before Easter. Scroll down Radar's gallery for more on how Stefani, Shelton, and her boys are looking like one big happy family.

The Voice judges, who fell in love while doing the NBC reality show, had a blast together getting away to the country at Shelton's ranch. They returned to Los Angeles this weekend. Will they wed

With Stefani's three sons out of school for spring break, it was the perfect time to enjoy the great outdoors. But on Saturday, it was time to get back to reality as the group came home, disembarking from a private jet.



The No Doubt singer Instagrammed some photos of her kids wearing camouflage clothing at Shelton's ranch before they headed home to L.A.

During the vacation, Stefani styled her platinum blonde hair in a messy bun and wore little makeup. But she's also looked super sexy for country singer Shelton during their recent Mexico getaway

Stefani and her kids most often are in an urban environment in L.A. But she shared a few videos with fans showing everyone jumping from cliffs into the river and playing in the sand, and riding on ATVs in Oklahoma.

Will Stefani become a country girl? Even though she and boyfriend Shelton fly around in private jets, their latest getaway was distinctly down home!

