www.intouchweekly.com/posts/khloe-kardashian-tristan-thompson-affair-another-woman-158321

In Touch Staff

Tristan Thompson's Affair Is Worse Than Khloé Kardashian Knows

The latest on Khloé Kardashian is heartbreaking. As the mother-of-one reels from news of Tristan Thompson’s cheating scandal, In Touch has uncovered exclusive new details — and secret footage — of another betrayal.

In Touch has obtained a video showing that the devastating situation is even worse than Khloé knows. An insider reveals the shocking details from Tristan’s hookups with a curvy stunner last November and again in February.

Tristan hit on the woman at an NYC club following a November game against the New York Knicks. And while the woman — who the source says is a big fan of the Kardashians — “knew that he was with Khloé,” Tristan didn’t mention his pregnant girlfriend when he brought her back to the Four Seasons in an SUV. He got out first and had her circle the block a few times before coming up to his room, where they had unprotected sex.

“She slept with him because he’s an NBA star, but she thinks he’s hot, too,” the insider says. “She said that the sex was good.” So good, the woman stayed the night and took a short video of Tristan — identifiable by his distinctive chest tattoos — asleep in bed afterward, which the source shared exclusively with In Touch.

“He was definitely not careful at all about making sure that nobody knew who she was or that she didn’t have her phone,” adds the source. In the video, two phones are visible on the nightstand. The source says they’re both Tristan’s, adding, “It’s so sketchy.”

In the morning, they swapped numbers for a potential round two. And the woman heard from Tristan right away — but he wasn’t looking for another hookup. He wanted to make sure she didn’t get pregnant! “He texted her, ‘Do you have Plan B?’” says the source, referencing the so-called morning-after pill.

Three months passed before they hooked up again. Out of the blue, Tristan texted the woman and invited her to see his team play in another city in February. “He paid for her flight,” says the source. “And she slept over again.”

For more on this exclusive story, pick up the new issue of In Touch magazine, on newsstands now!

