www.celebitchy.com/13679/brad_pitt_and_jennifer_aniston_might_run_into_each_other_at_toronto_film_festival/



Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston might see each other at film festival



Pitt and Aniston at the Independent Spirit Awards on 3/22/03. Credit: Glenn Harris / PR Photos

Both Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston have films out that premiere at the Toronto Film Festival later this month, and US is breathlessly reporting that the ex husband and wife might run into each other – gasp! Aniston , Pitt and his girlfriend Angelina Jolie were sort-of supposed to meet at a charity dinner they were all listed as co-hosting during the Oscars in February. Aniston went to the event for an hour, but Pitt and Jolie were no-shows, which wasn’t surprising as there were 10 other hosts listed and not all of them came to the event. Brad and Angelina went to the Independent Spirit Awards instead, where Angelina first showed off her pregnant belly in a tight black dress.

Now exes Brad and Jennifer, who split up in January, 2005 after four and a half years of marriage, might see each other again at this film festival. I’m sure they’ll be cordial to each other if they end up even speaking. Maybe someone behind the scenes will work to ensure they don’t cross paths though:

Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston could reunite at this year’s Toronto International Film Festival, when the exes are debuting their new flicks just two days apart. Pitt, 44, is among the stars who will walk the red carpet gala at the festival for the North American premiere of his Coen Brothers’ flick Burn After Reading on Sept. 5. (Pitt is also expected to attend the Venice Film Festival, where his film screens on August 27.) Meanwhile, Aniston, 39, is scheduled to attend the Toronto fest to promote her romantic comedy Management — about a traveling art saleswoman fighting off the advances of a flaky motel manager — which is premiering Sept. 7.

[From US Weekly]

I would bet this meeting never happens and Brad blows in and out of there before Jennifer’s film premieres. He does have six kids at home now and probably can’t be away for several days at a time.

It also seems like they’ve both moved on despite the tabloid’s unwillingness to let go. Last week a columnist at the Chicago Sun Times reported that an insider claimed Jennifer “still is hurting from losing Brad [Pitt] to Angelina [Jolie] — even after all this time.” How true do you think that is, though? Maybe she thinks about it once in a while, but surely it doesn’t consume her like it still seems to dominate the press. Three years isn’t a lot of time in the grand scheme of things, but it’s enough time to carve a new life for yourself, which Aniston has surely done – even if she hasn’t found a lasting love. She’s living single, and it looks like she’s living damn well. A lot of happily attached women would love a taste of that healthy carefree life. They’ll just have to settle for slugging some of that Vitamin water she endorses.

