www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-moms/news/khloe-kardashian-says-baby-wont-mend-relationship-caitlyn-jenner/

Nicholas Hautman

Khloe Kardashian: Baby Won’t Mend Relationship With Caitlyn Jenner





Don’t expect the arrival of Khloé Kardashian’s first child to heal old wounds. In a new interview, the pregnant reality star said that having a baby won’t mend her estranged relationship with Caitlyn Jenner.

“I don’t think that affects anything with Caitlyn,” Kardashian, 33, told Ross King on the U.K. morning show Lorraine on Thursday, February 8. “[Things are] just as they are.”

Jenner’s relationship with the Kardashian family has been rocky since the Olympian, 68, revealed her identity as a transgender woman in April 2015. Two years later, the estrangement worsened after the release of Jenner’s memoir, The Secrets of My Life, in which she claimed that ex-wife Kris Jenner — who is Kardashian’s mother — was not supportive of her transition. (Kris and Caitlyn, formerly Bruce, were married from 1991 to 2015 and share daughters Kendall, 22, and Kylie, 20.)

Caitlyn opened up about the family feud in November. “It’s been a little bit tough over the last couple of years on the Kardashian side,” she admitted while speaking to students at Cambridge Union in England at the time. “To be honest, I don’t talk to them anymore. Kim, I haven’t talked to in a year. They don’t want me in their lives. They bashed me pretty badly. It’s devastating when your kids do that. It really hurt.”

The I Am Cait alum still has a close relationship with Kendall and Kylie, though. In fact, a source recently told Us Weekly exclusively that Caitlyn has already met the Lip Kit creator’s newborn daughter, Stormi. The proud grandparent later confirmed the news on Instagram, writing, “My daughter just had a daughter. It’s amazing to be by your side through this journey. She’s SO beautiful already. Can’t wait to watch her grow.”

Meanwhile, Khloé is seven months pregnant with her first child, a boy, with her boyfriend, Tristan Thompson.

