celebrityinsider.org/jennifer-garner-and-josh-duhamel-have-been-secretly-dating-for-months-105031/

Suzy Kerr

Jennifer Garner And Josh Duhamel Have Been Secretly Dating For Months

Jennifer Garner is finally moving on after divorcing Ben Affleck. The Love, Simon star is reportedly dating Josh Duhamel, who split with Fergie a few months ago. How does Affleck feel about his ex-wife dating again?

According to Café Mom, an inside source revealed that Garner has been secretly dating Duhamel for a few months. The source explained that Garner was having trouble finding a man she could trust and that Duhamel is pretty much the perfect guy. Although the actress is still keeping things tightly under wraps, her relationship with Duhamel couldn’t be going any better.

“Anyone in Jen’s shoes, after all she went through with Ben, would doubt whether they could ever trust a man again,” the insider stated. “But Josh is truly a good guy, and spending time with him opened her up emotionally. She’s still playing her cards close to the vest, but she’s excited about where this could go.”

Duhamel parted with Fergie back in September. The couple released a joint statement shortly after their split, confirming that they are no longer together.

The two did not reveal why they decided to end their romance but are keeping their breakup private while they focus on moving forward as a family. Duhamel and Fergie share one son together, 4-year-old Axl.

While it is great to see Garner back in the dating game, an insider revealed exactly how Affleck feels about the situation. The source revealed that the Justice League star is a little jealous of Garner’s new romance.

The insider explained how Garner and Duhamel met while working on their latest movie, Love, Simon, and that they waited a long time before they started dating.

Although Affleck has also moved on with Lindsay Shookus, he wasn’t ready to see Garner do the same. Not only did Affleck reportedly feel jealous about Garner’s new love life, but he was also felt threatened by Duhamel.

Affleck and Garner announced their divorce back in 2015, though they didn’t finalize anything until April of last year.

The two were married for over a decade and share three kids: Violet, 12, Seraphina, 9, and Samuel, 5.

Once again, Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck are co-parenting like the best of them. https://t.co/KWeqvSzBAH — E! News (@enews) January 9, 2018

Garner’s romance with Duhamel isn’t the only new thing in her life. The actress is also gearing up for her new movie, Peppermint. Garner recently shared a video on social media of her getting bloodied up for the new role, which is definitely a change of pace for Garner.

The movie centers on a young mom who is seeking revenge on her rivals and is willing to do whatever it takes to see them suffer.

Jennifer Garner has not addressed the rumors surrounding her alleged romance with Duhamel. Despite multiple reports, an insider close to the actress says that she is not dating Josh Duhamel.

Advertisement

Instead, the actress is focusing on her family and adjusting to life as a single mom.

