www.intouchweekly.com/posts/jennifer-aniston-and-brad-pitt-146995

Dan Clarendon

Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt: He Thinks 2005 Divorce Was One of His Biggest Mistakes

Fans who’ve been shipping Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston ever since their 2005 divorce may actually have cause for hope! All these years later, Brad regrets leaving the Friends alum for his now-ex Angelina Jolie, a source tells In Touch exclusively.

Following his 2016 separation from Angie, Brad sobered up and sought therapy. And now he’s “in touch with emotions and his true self like never before,” the source says. That level of self-awareness comes with some massive realizations, it seems. “He’s come to realize that leaving Jen for Angelina was one of the biggest mistakes of his life,” the source adds. “And while Brad’s not in love with Jen, he realizes how much he does love her. Brad keeps telling friends that he’s seeing everything more clearly.”

Getty Images

Of course, these realizations may be coming too late. Jennifer has been married to Wanderlust co-star Justin Theroux for two years now. And while Brad would “never dream of” ruining his ex’s new marriage, he “would take a second chance at love with Jen in a heartbeat.” (He could have that chance if it’s true that Jen and Justin are having marital discord.)

If they can’t be romantic partners, though, the War Machine star wants Jen to be his partner in other pursuits. “They worked well together” when they formed the production company Plan B in 2001, an insider close to Brad tells In Touch. “He wants Jen involved again as he produces and develops more and more high-quality film and cable TV products.”

That kind of professional partnership could pay off for Jen, too, since the insider says she wants in on “prestige projects” under his production banner. “She’d be beyond thrilled to win an Academy Award for Best Actress — something that’s evaded both her and Angelina.”

We wouldn’t be surprised if Brad and Jen reconvene in some capacity, though it seems he’ll always want her back by his side. “He still considers Jen the love of his life,” In Touch’s source says.

