yournewswire.com/harrison-ford-carrie-fisher-tranny/

Baxter Dmitry

Harrison Ford: ‘Carrie Fisher Was A Tranny’

Harrison Ford has never been an easy interview subject during his decades at the top of the Hollywood game, but he provided a Norwegian radio host with a massive scoop when he claimed live on air that “Carrie Fisher was a tranny.”

The Star Wars legend showed much-loved co-star Carrie Fisher was at the forefront of his thoughts during the interview on December 27, changing the topic several times in order to speak about “the beautiful, troubled soul” that he “shared a very special period of my life with” and lamenting her “tragic death” one year ago.

“She died before her time,” Harrison Ford said, explaining that “she had secrets that she wanted to share. They had been bottled up all her life and they made her suffer. I accepted her for what she was, and many of her closest friends did too, but she wanted to be honest with the world. Unfortunately death came too soon.”

Asked if he was comfortable sharing what her secret was, Harrison Ford paused and said “She had boy parts. She was… What is the politically correct term these days? I don’t even know. I can’t keep up. Let’s just say she was a tranny.”

Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher became romantically involved during filming in the early 80s, even though he was married. Describing the affair as “a mistake,” Ford explained that it was now “water under the bridge” and now, at the age of 75, he looks back at their time together with fondness.

“It was only really when she passed last year that I realized what she meant to me. She was unique. She was one of a kind. I guess I am still in love with her a little bit.”

Responding to the host’s claim that “generations of men around the world who grew up in the eighties will be devastated to find out that they ‘choked their chickens’ to a man in disguise as a princess in a metal bikini”, Harrison Ford said, “Come on, man. Let’s be adults here. Let’s not disrespect the dead.”

Fisher had largely completed scenes in the latest film before her death on December 27, 2016, aged 60. Her death came four days after she was admitted to hospital following a medical emergency on a flight from London to Los Angeles.

The actress was found to have died of sleep apnoea and “other factors”, according to the coroner’s report, and Harrison Ford claims her lifelong bipolar disorder was also a contributing factor.

Despite being born to Hollywood royalty, Carrie Fisher “had a difficult life due to her condition”, according to Ford. “There was enormous pressure from Lucasfilm and 20th Century Fox to keep her secret under wraps.”

“I was sworn to secrecy. I couldn’t even speak to my buddies about her. The only person I spoke to about her was Lou Reed. He had a transexual lover back then too. He understood the whole deal.”

“But Lou has passed now too,” Ford said. “It’s getting lonely out here.”

