www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3370018/Mel-C-refusing-Spice-Girls-reunion-tour-without-fifth-member-Victoria-Beckham.html

Becky Freeth, Becky Freeth For Mailonline

Mel C refusing Spice Girls 2016 reunion without Victoria Beckham

They had huge success with their reunion tour in December 2007 - but that was as a five piece.

Now Mel C is reportedly refusing to go ahead with a second comeback tour, which will mark the band's 20th anniversary in 2016, without fifth member Victoria Beckham.

According to reports in The Sun, Mel, 41, formerly known as Sporty Spice, is arguing that Posh Spice needs to rejoin Emma Bunton, Mel B and Geri Horner for the tour to be a success.

Scroll down for video

Something's missing: Mel C (far right, here in December 2012) is reportedly refusing to go ahead with 2016's Spice Girls reunion with (from left) Mel B, Geri Horner (nee Halliwell) and Emma Bunton, in the absence of fifth member Victoria Beckham

A source told the newspaper: 'To fulfill this Mel believes the band has to be the original five-piece and Victoria needs to be involved.'

The Spice Girls originally agreed on an 'indefinite hiatus' in 1998 when Ginger Spice Geri decided to leave the group.

They put their differences aside in the next decade and reunited in their original formation with a tour called The Return Of The Spice Girls, which also included a performance at the London 2012 Olympics, and grossed over £47M and produced £71M in ticket sales and merchandising.

Say you'll be there? Sporty Spice (left) has doubts that the second comeback tour will be successful without Posh Spice (right)

Old friends: The pair laid claim to one of the strongest friendships in the group, while Mel B and Geri were reportedly always at loggerheads

This time around, Victoria - who lays claim to an international fashion empire under her own name - is said to have ducked out because she is 'too busy.'

A source told MailOnline in August: 'Victoria loved her time as a Spice Girl and wishes the girls nothing but success & happiness however she is now too busy running her brand and fulfilling the needs of her family.'

The remaining four-piece are also reportedly 'bickering' over management, agreeing that the spectacular will need 'good management, good tour promoters and good sponsorship' to work.

'The politics is making it hard,' added the source, confirming that the relationships between the women are still as tumultuous as they once were.

Performers: The group, here in 1997, originally went on an 'indefinite hiatus' in 1998 after Geri decided to quit

Back together: (From left) Mel B, Mel C, Geri, Emma and Victoria reunited in 2012 to take part in The Return Of The Spice Girls tour

Reflecting on the band's conflicts in 2012, Mel C - real name Melanie Chisholm - candidly admitted that the band nearly split many times before Geri decided to called time on the band, shedding light on a particular rift between Geri and Scary Spice Mel B.

She said: '[Geri] left before but not publicly. I mean, I think a few of them had left, well, Melanie and Geri left a few times. I nearly got kicked out once as well, but that’s another story.

'So yeah, I mean, it was difficult and you know, I think Geri would say these things herself. But you know she was having some personal issues and it’s no secret that her and Melanie had a very fiery relationship in the past.'

She continued: 'They, they are the closest of all of the band. You know, they’re absolutely in each other’s pockets or they can fight like cat and dog.'

