www.allure.com/story/chloe-grace-moretz-red-shoes-and-the-7-dwarfs-ad

Condé Nast, Gillian Fulle

Chloë Grace Moretz Speaks Out About Body-Shaming 'Red Shoes And The 7 Dwarfs' Ad

The controversy surrounding the upcoming Snow White reboot, titled Red Shoes and the 7 Dwarfs, and its viral body-shaming advertisement just got even more heated.

A little background: On Tuesday, plus-size model and activist Tess Holliday took to Twitter to call out the film’s marketing team for a horrifying advertisement that blatantly implies Snow White would no longer be beautiful if she weren’t tall and thin. The model wrote,

“How did this get approved by an entire marketing team? Why is okay to tell young kids being fat = ugly?”

Holliday also tagged the film’s star, Chloë Grace Moretz, asking her to comment on the advertisement. Dozens of Twitter users did the same, understandably disgusted by the body-shaming poster.

Now, Moretz has finally chimed in on the controversy. In a series of tweets, the 20-year-old actress said she was “appalled” by the ad, and it hadn’t been approved by her or her team.

The actress wrote,

“I have now fully reviewed the [marketing] for Red Shoes, I am just as appalled and angry as everyone else, this wasn’t approved by me or my team. Pls know I have let the producers of the film know. I lent my voice to a beautiful script that I hope you will all see in its entirety. The actual story is powerful for young women and resonated with me. I am sorry for the offense that was beyond my creative control.”

Ironically, the film is about celebrating yourself for who you are. An overview on the Red Shoes website reads,

“A normal girl born into extraordinary circumstances, she’s a Princess who doesn't fit into the celebrity world of Princesses — or their dress size. She wants to stay true to herself but Fairy Tale Island is all about looks, so it makes it hard not to be like the others. In her quest to find her lost father, she learns not only to accept herself, but to celebrate who she is, inside and out. And to let the beauty within — the beauty that Prince Merlin falls in love with — shine brighter than anyone else in the land.”

More on body-shaming:

According to CNN, the film’s marketing team has already cut the body-shaming campaign in its entirety. Unfortunately for them, once something is on the internet, it’s there forever — and it’s unlikely people are going to forget about this anytime soon.

Watch: Model Myla Dalbesio's Body-Positive Poem

