celebrityinsider.org/dakota-johnson-and-chris-martin-run-errands-in-malibu-after-rumors-surface-coldplay-are-not-a-fans-of-the-fifty-shades-star-124552/

Suzy Kerr

Dakota Johnson And Chris Martin Run Errands In Malibu After Rumors Surface Coldplay Are Not A Fans Of The ‘Fifty Shades’ Star

Dakota Johnson and Chris Martin enjoyed an early morning coffee run this week, proving their romance is still going strong. The Coldplay frontman drove Johnson to a local coffee shop in Malibu but made her walk back after she picked up the drinks.

Johnson brought along her dog for the outing, which is probably why Martin drove back home by himself. It looked like the Fifty Shades actress wanted to get a quick walk in for her pup after the coffee run.

While things look pretty good between Martin and Johnson, not everyone in his circle is happy about their growing romance.

Inside sources claim that members of Martin’s band do not like his new girlfriend. With Martin committing so much time to the relationship, the members of Coldplay are starting to find Johnson annoying.

Loved-up couple Dakota Johnson and Chris Martin have been spotted ‘holding hands and kissing’ on a veggie brunch date. They looked ‘very cute together’ according to a fellow diner at Heirloom Restaurant in Vancouver. #DakotaJohnson ? #ChrisMartin ??? pic.twitter.com/ipcmEnv7NC — BookishBeth ? (@cherryredpop_) February 20, 2018

They also don’t like how he’s constantly spending time with her, which only takes him away from the music.

Coldplay is currently enjoying some time off between tours. Most of the members, however, are ready to get back in the saddle and start working on new music, but Martin is completely focused on his new romance and is spending every waking moment with Johnson. Some band members want Johnson to ease up a little, but she’s not listening.

Over the past few weeks, Johnson and Martin have become practically inseparable, and it doesn’t’ look like that’s going to change soon.

Martin’s bandmates aren’t the only ones unhappy with Johnson. The singer’s former wife, Gwyneth Paltrow, is reportedly jealous over his romance with the actress, especially the fact that she’s a lot younger than him.

Sunday brunch #modernfamily A post shared by Gwyneth Paltrow (@gwynethpaltrow) on Nov 26, 2017 at 12:59pm PST

That said, Paltrow has already moved on with Brad Falchuk, whom Martin hasn’t been the warmest toward in the past. In fact, Paltrow and Falchuk are set to get married this year after three years together.

Martin was married to Paltrow for ten years before they announced their split in 2014. The pair share two children — Apple and Moses — and remained good friends after the breakup.

While the rumors haven’t been confirmed, it’s clear that things are heating up between Martin and Johnson. Earlier last month, Martin brought Johnson to Ellen DeGeneres’ birthday bash, an event that included two of Martin’s exes: Paltrow and Jennifer Lawrence.

We don’t know how everyone reacted inside the event, but Martin and Johnson were spotted holding hands as they arrived. The singer rocked a casual look with a grey sweater and matching beanie while Johnson wore a long white coat and heels.

Advertisement

Chris Martin has not commented on the rumors surrounding Coldplay and his romance with Dakota Johnson.

