www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5217273/Jennifer-Aniston-48-takes-break-Justin-Theroux.html

Becky Freeth For Mailonline

Jennifer Aniston takes a break with Justin Theroux

They reunited in Mexico after busy working schedules put distance between them.

But Jennifer Aniston, 48, and husband Justin Theroux, 46, got straight into holiday mode on Wednesday, after arriving in Cabo San Lucas for their New Year's break.

Both on impressive poolside form, the actors were seen relaxing in their swimwear as they take a break with actor Jason Bateman and his wife Amanda Anka.

Scroll down for video

Holiday body: Jennifer Aniston slipped into a little black bikini for her first day in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico on Wednesday as she holidays with husband Justin Theroux

Jennifer made sure to maximise her tan with the straps of her halterneck bikini top tucked under her arms.

She tipped aviator sunglasses on her nose and pulled back her hair to leave her shoulders bare for sunbathing.

Justin, meanwhile, already seemed to have achieved a holiday glow with his muscular physique on show while he relaxed without a shirt on.

In shape: Her shirtless husband was showing off his muscular physique at the poolside

Topping up her tan: Jennifer slipped the straps off her bikini top to ensure maximum tanning

Justin and Jennifer, who married in 2015, are preparing to ring in 2018 among friends.

They arrived in Mexico on Boxing Day with Horrible Bosses actor Jason, with whom she's co-starred in five films during their 22-year friendship.

Mexico is one of Justin and Jennifer's favourite holiday hotspots for the festive season and the couple are regularly pictured sharing a break here.

In 2013, they shared a holiday in Cabo with Friends actress Courteney Cox, as well as friends Emily Blunt and John Krasinski and Jimmy Kimmel with his then-fiancée Molly McNearney.

Happy couple: Jennifer and Justin have been married since 2015 and regularly ring in the New Year in Mexico among friends

It will be a welcome break for the happily married actors, who have been committed to various separate filming projects in the last few months.

Justin wrapped on TV show Maniac, which stars Emma Stone and Jonah Hill, earlier this month and returned to LA.

Until September, Jennifer was also away in Atlanta filming new movie Dumplin', in which she stars Rosie Dickson.

They were both in Los Angeles again this December but spotted Christmas shopping separately.

Their next sighting together was their arrival in Mexico for their festive break.

That's a wrap: Justin wrapped filming for Maniac with actress Emma Stone (left) earlier this month

