www.hollywoodreporter.com/lists/emmys-2017-reactions-nominees-1020402

Thr Staff

Emmys 2017: What the Nominees Are Saying

This Is Us creator Dan Fogelman was getting ready — brushing his teeth while listening to the nominations on his wife's cell phone — as he prepared to head back to work on episode two of the NBC drama's sophomore season when he learned of his show's multiple mentions. The time-jumping family drama scored 11 total nominations — including best drama series, the first time a broadcast series has cracked the category since 2011.

"The emails are flying!" Fogelman told THR early Thursday. "We're so busy right now that there's not a lot of time to think … the feed was freezing and we didn't quite understand what was happening. People were texting us ahead of us understanding what was going on!"



Fogelman noted that the way This Is Us is filmed — with members of the family working together in different scenes at any given time and not a lot of group scenes — will make getting the whole group together to celebrate complicated. "There hasn't been a lot of planning! I need to figure out how to get everyone together in some way — I've never done this before!" the first-time nominee enthused. The busy producer was on his way to film on location Thursday and planned to find a way to head to the show's L.A. set to celebrate properly with the production.

One thing that wasn't lost on Fogelman: how challenging it is for programming that is both sentimental and heartfelt to cut through a cluttered landscape filled with dark dramas and anti-heroes. "Normally if you have a sentiment in your show it's not in the same conversation as darker fare, and if you have sentiment and comedy? That's even more dangerous," he said, crediting stars including fellow nominees Milo Ventimiglia, Sterling K. Brown and Chrissy Metz, among others, for helping to elevate the content with serious performances. "You actually feel like you're watching something more weighty than it may be because the actors are so good. That's why our show was able to cut through multiple conversations: it's popular and critical."

As for what to expect when the 18-episode second season returns in the fall, Fogelman and company plan to lean deeper into the family's drama. "The family has big stories this season. The first season laid out the logistics of the family and in the second season, we're able to dig deeper. We're doing heavy duty stuff to understand the separation between Chrissy and Mandy Moore's mother and daughter and why they feel so distant from each other. Each progressive season will be more intimate and explore more inside these relationships." — Lesley Goldberg

