radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/03/rhobh-reunion-secrets-from-the-ladies-explosive-taping/

Jen Heger, March

‘RHOBH’ Reunion: Secrets From The Ladies’ Explosive Taping!

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

‘RHOBH’ Blowout: Secrets From The Ladies’ Explosive Reunion! The taping featured ‘non-stop fighting’ between two housewives, a source reveals.

The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills have laughed, cried, and traveled together all season long – but a source exclusively spilled to RadarOnline.com that Tuesday’s reunion taping featured an all-out war between the women!

In typical housewives’ fashion, the drama began before cameras even started rolling. As Radar previously reported, the taping was originally scheduled for March 21 but was postponed due to a major snowstorm that left Andy Cohen and Kyle Richards stranded on the East Coast!

The episode was finally filmed in Los Angeles on March 27. An insider told Radar that the drama was so intense that the taping lasted “all day.”

According to the source, newcomer Teddi Mellencamp was at the center of the bloodbath as she duked it out with notorious hothead Dorit Kemsley.

“Dorit and Teddi had major drama,” said the source. “They were pretty much non-stop fighting the entire time.”

As Radar readers know, Mellencamp and Kemsley’s friendship have duked it out all season. Their distaste for one another began when Kemsley stood up Arroyave, an accountability coach, for drinks. Mellencamp was furious that she waited for Kemsley for over an hour.

Kemsley then went on an infamous “apology tour” but Mellencamp wasn’t buying it. The ladies’ feud then exploded when Kemsley called Mellencamp a “psycho, lying b***h!”

The RHOBH insider said the blonde beauties wouldn’t let go of the drama on Tuesday.

“They rehashed everything from the season,” said the source. “They really, really don’t like each other.”

But for Mellencamp, the battle didn’t end there. She and the ever-outspoken Erika Girardi also had a rage-filled fight. Their drama began earlier this season when the “XXXPEN$IVE” singer brought Mellencamp to tears after Mellencamp accused Girardi of pretending to have amnesia.

At the time, Girardi vowed she would not apologize for blasting Mellencamp for telling her “don’t f**k with me.”

According to the insider, Mellencamp and Girardi still “aren’t in a great place.”

The reunion taping was proof that “their friendship is still strained,” the insider added.

What else do you think went down at the RHOBH reunion taping? Sound off in the comments!

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

