yournewswire.com/keanu-reeves-bitcoin-new-world-order/

Sean Adl-Tabatabai

Keanu Reeves: Bitcoin Will Destroy The ‘New World Order’

Matrix star Keanu Reeves says that he believes cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum have the power to completely destroy the ‘New World Order.’

The 53-year-old actor was asked his thoughts on the future of digital currencies such as Bitcoin in a recent interview, to which he responded:

“Bitcoin isn’t a short term trend, and that worries the elites”

“People are sick and tired of being controlled by the New World Order, seeing the rich get richer and the poor get poorer.”

“Bitcoin is giving the power back to the people and it will probably end up destroying the New World Order.”

The anti-establishment Hollywood star says he believes that “Bitcoin is the road to freedom” and claims it will “free citizens from the economic shackles of the New World Order .”

Unlike regular currencies, cryptocurrencies are a decentralized currency meaning they work without the need of a central bank. The recent sharp rise in the value of Bitcoin has begun worrying major financial institutions who now see the digital currency as a major threat to their existence.

Internet security guru John McAfee promised that if the value of Bitcoin doesn’t reach $1 million dollars by the year 2020, then he will “eat his own dick on live TV.”

According to Keanu Reeves, the Bitcoin craze is set to spark a worldwide revolution that will see the end of tyranny by our New World Order overlords:

“For the first time in history, the people have a real chance at taking power back from the governments.

“When society chooses crypto over the fiat, the government, the central banking system, the economic slavery that they thrive on, all of that will be over.

“Governments borrow money from the banks to fund wars then tax the citizens to pay back the banks.

“We can finally end that cycle and give power back to the people, once and for all.

“It will topple the banks, and with it, the global elite.

“Governments will be forced to work for the people for a change.

“We’re on the brink of a revolution.”

