www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3458833/Concerned-Kanye-s-frequent-meltdowns-nervous-Kim-Kardashian-STALLING-construction-dream-home-doesn-t-leave-safety-net-mom-Kris-Jenner-s-house.html

Louise Boyle For Dailymail.Com

Kim Kardashian is STALLING construction of 'dream home' over Kanye West's meltdowns

In a leaked audiotape rant he called Taylor Swift a 'fake a**' and said he was more influential than filmmaker Stanley Kubrick, or Pablo Picasso

It will be almost two years since Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West purchased their $20 million dream mansion and began a massive renovation of the estate - but it appears the ongoing construction project is just what Kim wants.

Daily Mail Online has exclusively learned the reality star has done this all by design to stay at her mom Kris Jenner's home where she can help her when Kanye goes on his emotional rants.

First, the couple spent $11 million on a Bel Air mansion in 2013 - only to abandon the renovation because 'it would take too much work to make it perfect.'

Then they purchased their Hidden Hills, California home a year later - starting two massive renovation projects that appear to still be months away from being complete.

A family friend tells Daily Mail Online that while the socialite loves her hip-hop husband, the 38-year-old's occasional rants, very similar to the ones he displays in public, make Kim nervous.

SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO

Stalling: A source tells Daily Mail Online Kanye's emotional rants make Kim nervous and therefore she is in no rush to leave her mom Kris Jenner's house with her family

Long way to go: The $20 million mansion purchased by Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West remains a construction zone amid two huge renovations by the famous couple

Before & After: Pictures show what Kim and Kanye's yard looked like prior to demolition (left) with a pool, pool house and hot tub. Now that hot tub and pool house are completely gone and the pool is just a giant hole (right)

'It takes a lot of work to calm him down and get him to relax when he becomes fixated on something,' says the family friend.

'Being at home with her mother Kris she has more support when Kanye gets worked up.'

Kim likes the comfort of having Kris Jenner and additional staff around to help deal with Kanye.

Family matriarch: 'Being at home with her mother Kris she has more support when Kanye gets worked up,' says source of Kim stalling to move into her new mansion

'She uses the unending construction on their house as an excuse to stay at Kris' house and I doubt we will ever see them leave as long as they're still married,' the family friend adds.

The friend also tells Daily Mail Online: 'Kanye never blows up at Kim. He's so compassionate with her. He really adores her.

'But he often has these rants and emotional tangents about his career, things in the media and any other topic he gets focused on and that's when she has to calm him down. It's really like having a third child around the house.'

US Weekly reports that the 35-year-old mother-of-two has requested Kanye get therapy.

The magazine's source reveals she is 'very concerned and frustrated' and that the couple 'are having big problems that are escalating.'

In recent weeks Kanye's rants have been in full force - it started first with rapper Wiz Khalifa in a major Twitter fight after Kanye said he was changing his new album name to Waves because it disrespected the work of a fellow rapper. Kanye ended up calling it The Life of Pablo.

Wiz later tweeted a post with the initials 'KK' in it, which Kanye took to be a reference to his wife Kim Kardashian.

He then lashed out, posting around 30 tweets and slamming Amber Rose by calling her a gold digger and stripper. Amber Rose is Kanye's ex-girlfriend and also the mother of Wiz's son.

Wiz insisted that 'KK' had been referring to marijuana and Kanye later admitted it was all a mix-up, saying 'please excuse the confusion.'

He then stirred up more controversy by tweeting that many times accused Bill Cosby was innocent of rape.

The rapper infuriated Taylor Swift and her fans by rapping about having sex with her and claiming he made 'that b***h famous' in one of his new songs.

The singer hit back at him with a not so subtle swipe as she accepted the award for Album Of The Year at the Grammy Awards on February 15.

Yards away: Kris Jenner's home, also in Hidden Hills, has been where Kanye, Kim, North and Saint have been living while the second round of renovations are being done to their mansion

Kanye surprised fans again when he told millions of his Twitter followers that he is $53 million in debt and begged Facebook founder and billionaire Mark Zuckerburg for money via social media.

Finally, news broke of an epic meltdown he had just as he was set to take the stage on Saturday Night Live Valentine's Day weekend.

Leaked audio confirms the rapper and fashion designer threatened to not perform before he repeatedly yelled at SNL staff 'Don't f*** with me'.

He also called Taylor Swift a 'Fake a**' and said he was '50 percent' more influential than filmmaker Stanley Kubrick, Pablo Picasso, Paul the Apostle and Pablo Escobar.

Kim and Kanye along with their two children - North, 3, and Saint, 2-months - have been living with Kris since the renovations began shortly after they purchased the Hidden Hills, California home in August 2014.

The momager lives just a few hundreds yards up the road in the exclusive gated community - one of the richest areas in the US.

In addition to the eight-bedroom, ten-bathroom mansion - the couple bought the smaller four-bedroom ranch next door for $2.9 million - with the ambitious plan to make the two estates into a super complex.

Beautiful: Kim and Kanye purchased this Bel Air mansion for $11 million in 2013, but then abandoned renovations and put it up for sale

Abandoned: 'It would take too much work to make it perfect,' says Kim of the Bel Air home she and husband Kanye West are trying to sell

Big spenders: The couple bought the eight-bedroom, ten-bathroom mansion in August 2014 for $20 million, and six months later purchased the smaller four-bedroom ranch next door for $2.9 million

Daily Mail Online revealed last week that the second round of renovations is nothing short of a disaster and will likely not be completed for many months.

The two are sinking millions into the place - including a reported $20,000 on fixtures alone.

The photos show the neighboring property has now been completely razed to the ground, but nothing has been built leaving just dirt, giant holes and piles of branches.

The swimming pool and pool house have been demolished, only to be replaced by a massive hole.

The smaller hot tub, which used to be in the top right corner of the property, is also a huge crater.

TMZ reports they are planning to build a small lake in its place that is fully filtered and at least five times the size of any other backyard oasis in the Hidden Hills neighborhood.

While Kim has mentioned in the past that she wants out of her mom's house - the family friend says that's not the case.

Family matriarch Kris was not too impressed with them moving in and has said the couple were due to be there for only three months, but that was significantly extended.

In December she said: 'I just got word from their contractors that they will be here until the end of March.'

