metro.co.uk/2017/10/15/khloe-kardashian-hides-her-baby-bump-in-the-biggest-nod-towards-those-pregnancy-rumours-7001606/

Tobi Akingbade

Khloe Kardashian hides 'baby bump' and sparks more pregnancy rumours

Is she or isn’t she preggers (Picture: Splash News)

Usually, the first to show off her body, Khloe Kardashian has been spotted out and about with her sisters without her trademark skin-tight clothing, sparking some more pregnancy rumours.

The 33-year-old, who is reported to be ‘four months pregnant’, according to TMZ, joined sisters Kim and Kourtney in San Francisco where they are filming for Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

Khloe, who is dating Tristan Thompson, walked beside her older sisters in an oversized coat and baggy clothes on Saturday.

If she is with child, any hint of a bump was well-hidden, apart from a slight curve that could be seen underneath her jeans as she walked.

A rumoured pregnant Khloe Kardashian walks solo in the San Francisco (Picture: Splash News)

Keeping her alleged baby bump hidden, we can’t help but feel taunted with all the pregnancy suggestions, with no actual confirmation.

Advertisement

Advertisement

The sisters, who usually dress in coordinated outfits, looked like a far cry from their usual uniform as Kim and Kourtney flaunted their flat tummies too.

Khloe has so far refused to confirm or deny whether the reports of her pregnancy are true.

Kim and Khloe enjoying the sun (Picture: Backgrid)

Appearing at an event last weekend, Khloe commented on her curvier size and added according to People: ‘When I was bigger and wore bigger clothes, I looked even bigger. I love embracing my curves no matter what size I am.’

Khloe covers her body completely sparking more rumours (Picture: Splash News)

If the rumours are true, Khloe and her NBA star boyfriend, who have dated for one year, will be expecting their first child together.

Fans are clearly eager to know what’s going on, as they have been flooding Khloe’s Instagram every time she posts a picture, convinced they can see a ‘baby bump’

Khloe is reportedly pregnant with Tristan Thompson’s child (Picture: Splash News)

The family’s radio silence suggest there will be a big announcement (Picture: Splash News)

The Instagram picture showed Khloe in a revealing leather black dress and among the comments praising Khloe for her look were many who believed the picture showed a hint of baby bump.

‘Aw look at her little baby bump! (sic),’ wrote one fan while another asked: ‘Is that baby bump or I’m just trippin?’ Another thought for sure that they could ‘see that bump’.

Advertisement

Advertisement

It was suggested that the uncharacteristic radio silence from the family suggests that there may be plans in the works for some kind of headline-stealing joint pregnancy reveal from the sisters; sister Kim has already confirmed she is expecting her third child, via a surrogate, in a teaser clip for the upcoming 14th season of their hit show Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

Kim and Khloe’s younger half-sister Kylie Jenner is also reportedly pregnant, due in January with boyfriend Travis Scott’s baby.

Kim (L) is expecting her third child via a surrogate pregnancy (Picture: Backgrid)

Although Kylie is keeping mum, it has also been claimed that the 20-year-old has hired a whole squad ahead of her rumoured child’s arrival, including a pregnancy coach to help her make sure she’s eating right and staying healthy, but also a whole new team to help expand her empire.

The Kardashian could soon be expanding (Picture: BACKGRID)

This is in addition to extra security, according to Radar Online. ‘Kylie hired a pregnancy coach too, who will help her with nutrition and exercise, as well as take her through Lamaze training when she gets further along,’ an insider said.

‘Kylie is definitely not taking any chances when it comes to her unborn baby!’

MORE: The Kardashian baby boom: Everything you need to know about the Kim, Kylie and Khloe rumours

MORE: Kylie Jenner needs to stop taunting the heck out of us with these ‘pregnancy’ pictures

