www.coventrytelegraph.net/news/uk-world-news/katie-holmes-wedding-jamie-foxx-14840182

James Rodger

Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx 'split' after five year secret romance

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx have split - just months after they became an "official" item.

The duo ended years of rumours and speculation and finally confirmed their relationship back in September.

The pair went public after Katie's five-year public dating from ex-husband Tom Cruise came to an end.

But now they have reportedly split.

It's being reported that Katie ended things after struggling to get over her trust issues .

Jamie and Katie are yet to address rumours that they've split and called off their wedding, but a source told Radar Online: "Katie just couldn’t get over her trust issues."

Cruise is believed to have made her agree not to get another boyfriend - at least publicly - until June 2017.

According to the Mirror , Katie and Tom divorced in June 2012, and Katie, 38, got full custody of their daughter Suri, 11.

The ‘ban’ expired almost three months ago.

Rumours that the pair were an item first surfaced just over 12 months after she ended her five-year marriage to Tom, who starred alongside Jamie in 2004 thriller Collateral.

Jamie was pictured with his arm around the Dawson’s Creek actress at a charity bash in The Hamptons, although he dismissed the rumours as “fake news”, and later called them “hilarious” and “one hundred per cent not true.”

However, the gossip persisted with sources claiming they were dating on the down low, and would rendezvous at each others’ houses, with Katie disguising herself in wigs and hates.

But the cat was out of the bag in March 2015 when a picture surfaced online of them holding hands in a recording studio, and that December, Katie was reportedly a guest at Jamie’s surprise birthday party in NYC.

The biggest slip-up came in June 2016, when Jamie’s friend, Real Housewives of Atlanta star, Claudia Jordan, blabbed, "He is very happy with her. I like that he seems very happy.”

Download our all-new mobile app to get the latest news, sport and what's on. Click here for iPhone and here for Android

Looking for an older story? Search our archives

Search for jobs, motors and property, or place an advert or family notice here.

