www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2018/02/18/sessions_illegal_leak_against_general_mike_flynn_is_being_investigated_aggressively.html



Sessions: Illegal Leak Against General Mike Flynn Is Being Investigated "Aggressively"

Attorney General Jeff Sessions, in an interview with FOX News Channel's 'Sunday Morning Futures' hosted by Maria Bartiromo, said that the Justice Department is "aggressively" investigating the leak of a phone call between former national security advisor Gen. Mike Flynn and the Russian Ambassador.



Background: Washington Post: How Mike Flynn Was Undone By A Phone Call



"We’re going after this aggressively," Sessions said about the leak of the transcript of Flynn's call. "I am directing it personally... and we’re pursuing it aggressively."











Sessions also said that there are currently 27 open investigations regarding leaks of classified information. "In the last two years before I became Attorney General there were each year there were three open investigations of classified leaks now we have 27," he noted.





MARIA BARTIROMO: There are felonies apparently that have already taken place. I mean we had on this program just last week, the chairman of the Intel committee Devin Nunez and he said there are felonies that are going, not looked at all they’re going by over and over listen to what he told me just last Sunday.



REP. DEVIN NUNES: The big felony in all of this that nobody talks about from the very beginning was the leak of highly classified information when they leaked the phone call of the Russian ambassador talking to General Mike Flynn right before the inauguration. That was a felony, nothing’s ever been done about it.



BARTIROMO: Is your office investigating this sir?



SESSIONS: That is a violation of the law, to leak classified documents and it is being investigated. I will say this, the last two years before I became Attorney General there were each year there were three open investigations of classified leaks now we have 27 we’re going after this aggressively. I am directing it personally, some of the matters involve this matter and some of it is a matter I am not recused on and we’re pursuing it aggressively.

