abc.go.com/shows/dancing-with-the-stars/cast/tom-bergeron



Dancing with the Stars

Tom Bergeron

Follow Tom on Instagram

Two-time Emmy Award-winning host Tom Bergeron always guarantees his audience a fun and memorable evening with his wit and humor. Currently he can be seen as host of ABC's longtime hit Dancing with the Stars.

Bergeron began his broadcasting career in 1972 in his hometown of Haverhill, Massachusetts. He spent over a decade with WBZ-TV in Boston, hosting a number of popular shows. In 1994 he became host of Breakfast Time on FX, which morphed into Fox After Breakfast when it moved to the FOX network. He became a fill-in anchor on Good Morning America in 1997 before he segued to Hollywood Squares in 1998. While hosting Hollywood Squares, Bergeron kept busy as a fill-in anchor on CBS' The Early Show and hosted Supper Club for Planet Green.

He recently wrapped his 10th and final season on America's Funniest Videos, and continues as host of ABC's Dancing with the Stars. Tom released his first book, "I'm Hosting as Fast as I Can! Zen and the Art of Staying Sane in Hollywood," to rave reviews. In 2009 he had more primetime hours on TV than any other host, vying for honors as the busiest man in TV.

In between projects, Bergeron has hosted everything from The 60th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards and Miss America Pageant to the The 33rd Annual Daytime Emmy Awards and the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Foundation's 28th College Television Awards Gala He has been chosen as one of the first class of inductees to the Massachusetts Broadcasters Hall of Fame at Massasoit College.

Bergeron spends a lot of his free time volunteering his services for several charity events, and was awarded the March of Dimes Special President's Award for Volunteer Excellence.

This confessed gym rat works out four to five days a week with a trainer and enjoys running and riding his bike on the beach. He splits his time between Connecticut and California and loves spending time with his wife and two daughters.

