www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6922995/lamar-odom-turns-down-celebrity-big-brother-2018-khloe-kardashian/

Sarah Packer

Lamar Odom turns down massive payday to appear on Celebrity Big Brother and spill secrets of the Kardashians

LAMAR Odom has turned down a massive payday to appear on Celebrity Big Brother and spill secrets from his relationship with Khloe Kardashian.

The former NBA player, 38, was lined up to star in the reality show that has a retribution theme this year – after he confessed to having “multiple affairs” behind ex-wife Khloe’s back.

5 Lamar Odom has turned down a massive payday to appear on the upcoming series of Celebrity Big Brother

A TV source said: “Bosses were really keen on signing Lamar as their star contestant for this year’s line-up.

“The upcoming series is all about celebrities facing their demons and there’s no better character than Lamar in terms of someone who’s gone through a journey of redemption.

“He had a massively successful career as a sportsman and a beautiful wife but it all came crashing down due to his infidelities and drug and drink addictions.

“Lamar was offered a huge fee to take part in the series – but eventually turned down the opportunity.”

Khloe Kardashian makes Snapchat debut with Lamar Odom

5 Bosses were keen to sign the ex-husband of Khloe Kardashian for their redemption themed series but he turned down the offer

5 The ex-basketball player was offered a lump sum to star in the show and follow in the footsteps of Khloe's best pal Malika Haqq

In 2015 Lamar came close to death after he was found unconscious at a brothel following a drugs binge.

Khloe, who divorced Lamar in 2016, said making medical decisions for her ex while he was in a coma was the most emotionally stressful time of her life.

Speaking in 2015 she said: “They told me he had four hours. It’s a horrible call to get.

“Having to run these tests or make medical decisions, it’s terrifying.”

Khloe Kardashian reveals she was told Lamar Odom had died after his overdose in 2015

5 Lamar almost lost his life in 2015 when he was found unconscious at a brothel following a drugs binge

5 Khloe was there by his side during the tough time but the pair eventually divorced in 2016

MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZ BRAVE FACE I'm A Celeb's Jac Jossa puts wedding ring back ON & says she's 'absolutely fine' QUEEN'S RULING Jac Jossa is first winner to EVER cancel live TV chats after threesome claim THE ENDER LoU? EastEnders fans convinced Linda will kill Louise on Christmas Day Exclusive BEN AND GONE ITV bosses considered replacing Phillip Schofield with GMB host Ben Shephard kiss it better? I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline & husband Dan kiss before reuniting with kids 'YOU LOOK AMAZING' Jac Jossa's weight loss hailed by fans in jungle snaps just 3wks apart HUD-SON! Corrie's Lucy-Jo Hudson reveals she’s having a baby boy after Alan Halsall split Exclusive Jungle SHOWDOWN Jacqueline Jossa & cheating Dan in tense talks as his mum points the finger Exclusive CASHING IN I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline will make £1m in a year months after huge tax bill CHERRY XMAS! Busty Susanna Reid sends GMB fans into a frenzy in plunging cherry red dress

Lamar made a miraculous recovery and later admitted to being unfaithful on Khloe, who's now in a relationship with Tristan Thompson.

In an interview last year he said: “When I became Khloe Kardashian’s man and on TV, it made me look more enticing.

“That wasn’t the stand-up thing to do. I wish I could have kept my d*** in my pants.”

Last year's Khloe best pal Malika Haqq appeared on the reality series but refrained from telling secrets about The Kardashians.

