www.elle.com/culture/celebrities/a19479151/miley-cyrus-liam-hemsworth-secret-wedding-planning/

Alyssa Bailey, News, Strategy Editor, Alyssa Bailey Is The News, Strategy Editor At Elle.Com, Where She Oversees Coverage Of Celebrities, Royals, Particularly Meghan Markle, Kate Middleton .

Miley Cyrus Planning the Most Secret Wedding to Liam Hemsworth

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have big plans to do the trendy secret wedding thing sometime in the near or far future—tomorrow, maybe, or a year from now! You'll never know—because it will be a secret. It could be happening right now. It will be the most secret secret wedding of all. Their friends will know literally right before it happens and no sooner, a source told Entertainment Tonight. So, Chris Hemsworth should keep a bag packed at all times, probably.

"She hasn't announced anything because she is being very secretive so only their friends will know and at the very last minute," the source said of Cyrus's wedding planning. "This time they are doing everything their own way."

Part of the reason for this is because when Cyrus and Hemsworth first got engaged in 2012, their plans to have a big wedding broke them up. "The first time they announced their engagement in 2012, they felt such pressure to make it the most spectacular wedding in the world but that was the downfall of their relationship and lead to their break up," the source said. Stars: they're just like us.

Cyrus is on her own time table now, the source said, and just recently committed to the idea of a simple "ranch wedding" to honor her country roots.

"Miley has come up with all sorts of different wedding plans," the source said of Cyrus’s process. "She is always creative and thinking of new ideas that will make her experience different." So that ranch wedding may not actually happen. Maybe a Wrecking Ball-themed wedding. A secret Wrecking Ball wedding. Anything is possible. And also very secret.

Hemsworth and Cyrus have a good sense of humor about taking forever to have a wedding. "This has been such a long drawn out process that they joke about the idea that when they finally get married people won't believe it's real!" the source said. With all the fake "secret marriage" tabloid reports over the last few months, probably!

