www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/oscars-2017-memoriam-snubs-garry-shandling-robert-vaughn-980116

Meena Jang, Thrnews Thr.Com

Oscars "In Memoriam": Garry Shandling, Robert Vaughn Among Snubs

Dan Ireland and Doris Roberts were also among the notable names who were left out of the ceremony's video tribute.

The 89th Academy Awards on Sunday paid tribute to notable film industry figures who passed away over the past year with its annual "In Memoriam" tribute, which also featured a moving performance by singer Sara Bareilles.

The video tribute honored screen giants such as Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds, John Hurt, Gene Wilder and Mary Tyler Moore, but several names were left out of the segment. Aliens and Twister star Bill Paxton, who died Saturday, one day before the ceremony, wasn't mentioned, though presenter Jennifer Aniston remembered the actor as she introduced Bareilles' performance.

Among those omitted from the tribute were Garry Shanding, Dan Ireland, Robert Vaughn and Doris Roberts.

GARRY SHANDLING

The standup comedian died March 24, 2016, at age 66 after suffering a blood clot. Shandling is best known for his comedic turns on TV's The Larry Sanders Show and It's Garry Shandling's Show and also had starring roles in Iron Man 2, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, What Planet Are You From? and more.

DAN IRELAND

The producer and director, who died April 14, 2016, at age 57, most notably helmed 1996's The Whole Wide World and Jolene. Jessica Chastain, who made her feature debut in Jolene, tweeted her disappointment about the omission after the "In Memoriam" segment aired.

ROBERT VAUGHN

Vaughn, who died Nov. 11, 2016, at age 83, played American spy Napoleon Solo on the 1960s NBC series The Man From U.N.C.L.E. and received an Oscar nomination for best supporting actor for his role in The Young Philadelphians. He was also seen in The Magnificent Seven, Bullitt and Superman III.

DORIS ROBERTS

Roberts died of natural causes on April 17, 2016, at age 90. The actress and five-time Emmy winner is best known for starring on the series Everybody Loves Raymond and in the films Something Wild (1961), The Honeymoon Killers (1969), The Heartbreak Kid (1972), The Rose (1979) and National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation (1989).

Viewers also pointed out that costume and production designer Janet Patterson, who was featured in the segment, was mistakenly identified via a photo of film producer Jan Chapman, who is still alive.

Yep I've double checked. That is Jan Chapman, who is very much alive. https://t.co/w7fIuiQYcr — Rhett Bartlett (@dialmformovies) February 27, 2017

An extended photo gallery that recognizes more than 200 individuals will be featured on Oscars.com.

The 89th Academy Awards, hosted by Jimmy Kimmel, took place at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood and aired on ABC..

