www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5014377/Selena-Gomez-Justin-Bieber-hang-LA-home.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber 'hang out at her LA home'

Selena Gomez may have moved on to a new man in her life but an old flame still burns.

The singer's ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber, 23, was spotted arriving at her home in the Studio City neighborhood of Los Angeles on Sunday, according to TMZ.

The website reported that first Justin rolled up in his Mercedes G-Wagon with Selena, 25, arriving just a few minutes later.

Scroll down for video

Just friends: Justin Bieber, pictured last month, was seen arriving at Selena Gomez's LA home on Sunday where he hung out with his former girlfriend until midnight, TMZ reported

Sources told TMZ that the former couple hung out until about midnight with mutual friends also joining them.

The pair reconnected after Selena went public last month with the news that she had undergone a kidney transplant due to complications of lupus.

TMZ also claimed Selena and Justin spent time together too last week.

It comes as the Biebs has moved into a luxury $55,000-a-month rental in an exclusive neighborhood in Beverly Hills.

New pad: The get together comes as Justin, 23, moves into a luxury $55,000-a-month rental in an exclusive neighborhood in Beverly Hills from where he shared this selfie Saturday

More ink: Bang Bang Tattoo's Keith McCurdy spent '26 hours over three consecutive days' at the luxury home inking gargoyles and skeletons on Justin's torso

However, the former Disney starlet's romance with rapper The Weeknd is still going strong and he was 'fully aware' that his fellow Canadian was seeing his girlfriend.

The hitmaker - real name Abel Tesfaye - is currently on tour.

Selena and The Weeknd made their public debut as a couple at the Met Gala in May. He has been supportive of her during her kidney transplant and recovery.

New relationship: Despite the visit from her former flame, it's reported that Selena's romance with The Weeknd is still going strong; they're pictured together in New York last month

The way they were: Justoin and Selena, pictured in 2012, dated on and off from early 2011 to late 2014

Justin and Selena confirmed their rumored romance in early 2011 and dated on and off until breaking up for good in late 2014.

Meanwhile, Gomez had another reunion when she met up with her former Barney & Friends co-star Demi Lovato at the InStyle awards in LA.

The two posed for photos in their glamorous gowns at the star-studded gala.

The one-time child stars showed off their mature styles with Lovato looking lovely in lilac while Gomez opted for classic black.

Another reunion: On Monday night, Selena met up with her former Barney & Friends co-star Demi Lovato, 25, at the InStyle awards where they posed for pictures together

Gomez flashed a little cleavage in her low-cut black mini dress with an asymmetrical hem. She added a pair of tan sandal heels and carried a small black clutch.

The pop starlet, who released her new song Wolves on Monday, wore her dark hair pulled back from her face in a sophisticated do.

She was made up with smoky eye shadow and black mascara with a hint of blush and nude lip color. She completed her look with a pair of stunning gold hoop earrings.

Dared to bare: Selena flashed a little cleavage in her low-cut black mini dress

Gorgeous: She wore her dark hair pulled back from her face. She was made up with smoky eye shadow and black mascara with a hint of blush and nude lip color and added gold earrings

