www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/caitlyn-jenner-to-marry-transgender-12459326

Vicki Newman, Image, Itv Picture Desk, Getty Images North America, Instagram, Caitlynjenner Instagram, Reuters

Caitlyn Jenner 'to marry transgender student 47 YEARS her junior' as it's revealed she 'hasn't met' Khloe and Kim's babies

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Caitlyn Jenner has said time and time again that she's "just friends" with blonde bombshell Sophia Hutchins.

But now, it's being reported that they're getting married!

After their close friendship was described as a "mother and daughter" relationship, it's now said they've been dating in recent weeks.

And things are getting serious very quickly - despite their 47-year age gap.

If Caitlyn, 68, married 21-year-old transgender student Sophia, it would be her fourth marriage.

Before transitioning in 2015, she tied the knot three times as Bruce - to Chrystie Crownover in 1972, Linda Thompson in 1981, and to Kris Jenner in 1991.

(Image: ITV Picture Desk) (Image: Getty Images North America)

Caitlyn has six biological children - two with each wife - and was step-father to Kris' kids, Kourtney, Kim, Khloe and Rob Kardashian.

Now, a source close to the star has told Heat magazine: "Cait really sees herself spending the rest of her life with Sophia.

"She lost her support system when she fell out with her family and these days, it feels like Sophia's the only person she can count on."

Earlier this year, it's said that Caitlyn turned to Sophia when her relationship with the Kardashians began to break down.

(Image: Instagram)

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

She's hardly been in touch with the famous family ever since she took a massive swipe at ex Kris in her autobiography, The Secrets Of My Life, released last year.

The source added to the mag: "Cait is a complete outcast at the moment. She has also lost friends in the LGBT community because of her political views [backing Donald Trump].

"She was really hoping to reconnect with the Kardashians, especially with Khloe and Kim having had babies, but sadly she hasn't met them, and she hasn't even got to spend much time with her new granddaughter Stormi [Kylie Jenner's baby]. She just wants some companionship and really felt all alone before she met Sophia."

Caitlyn and Sophia live together and are rarely seen without one another by their sides.

(Image: caitlynjenner/Instagram)

(Image: REUTERS)

They're reportedly planning an intimate ceremony near Caitlyn's home in Malibu.

However, a source close to Caitlyn told Mirror Online that while they could be dating, marriage isn't on the cards just yet.

Back in January, Caitlyn made a number of revelations during her tell-all interview on Piers Morgan's Life Stories.

And she said at the time she was open to dating men and women.

She said: "It could be either. I don't know. It is kind of fun so see the world from the girl's side. You know."

