www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2018/08/07/kourtney-kardashian-younes-bendjima-split-after-2-years-report.html

Jennifer Earl, Jennifer Earl Is An Seo Editor For Fox News. Follow Her On Twitter

Kourtney Kardashian, Younes Bendjima split after 2 years: report

Kourtney Kardashian reportedly split with her model boyfriend Younes Bendjima after nearly two years of dating, though Bendjima doesn't appear to be too heartbroken — as the paparazzi has captured him hanging out with friends on a beach in Mexico.

Kardashian, 39, apparently ended the relationship with Bendjima, 25, and the former couple have already unfollowed each other on social media, according to TMZ.

A source told People the breakup "didn't end well."

TMZ shared photos of Bendjima reportedly getting cozy with Jordan Ozuna, a former Hooters waitress, during his vacation. However, Bendjima denied anything was going on between the pair.

KKHLOE KARDASHIAN EXPLAINS HER 'PREGNANCY LIPS'

"They really want me to be the bad guy," Bendjima wrote on an Instagram story Tuesday, including a screenshot of a Daily Mail article about his "rebound" girl. "F--- your Hollywood bulls--- (can't have fun with your friends no more)."

Bendjima then posted several photos of his friends playing in the sand.

"I'm not attached to this 'life' so you can't touch me," he continued. "I know who I am where I'm from and where I'm going and that bothers you ... only one opinion matter the one of my Lord."

News of the split comes just weeks after Bendjima trolled the "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" star's revealing bikini picture on Instagram.

KIM AND KHLOE KARDASHIAN FIGHT WITH KOURTNEY OVER MONTHS-LONG FEUD IN LIVE TWITTER FIGHT

“Thats what you need to show to get likes?” he said in a since-deleted comment.

Many Kardashian fans took issue with Bendjima's comment, though the model claims it was just a joke, according to Us Weekly.

Kardashian began dating Bendjima in 2016 after years of on-again-off-again romance with Disick, with whom she shares three children, Mason, 8, Penelope, 6, and Reign, 3.

Fox News' Tyler McCarthy contributed to this report.

