radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/04/faith-hill-cancer-throat-health-crisis/

Radar Staff, April

Faith Hill Cancer Horror Revealed

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Faith Hill's Hell: Throat Cancer Horror Resurfaces — As Husband Tim McGraw Collapses Country singer has been having 'massive health problems.'

As husband Tim McGraw recovers after collapsing on stage, Faith Hill is facing fresh throat cancer fears, RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively!

“Tim collapsed from dehydration, but Faith has been having massive problems with her throat,” a source close to country music’s first couple revealed.

A rep for the songstress denied Faith is having problems with her throat.

PHOTOS; Paris Jackson Turns To Cancer-Stricken Mom Debbie Rowe Amid Meltdown

Added the source: “Even though doctors calmed her cancer fears last year, Faith’s still terrified!”

That means a full workup by a team of top doctors. “Faith just doesn’t feel like herself,” added our spy.

“She has trouble keeping weight on, her voice comes and goes, and she gets sore throats repeatedly.

“She and Tim are praying for the best while preparing for the worst.”

McGraw and Hill, both 50, maintained a grueling pace in 2017, playing 70 shows on their world tour.

Her throat problems forced them to cancel a show in August, but it wasn’t the first time Hill’s throat has acted up.

In 1995, the “Mississippi Girl” singer scrapped a 40-date tour to undergo surgery to seal a dilated blood vessel in her throat.

Then, in 2015, the mother of three endured another neck surgery to repair an earlier injury.

“Faith has been struggling since then,” a friend confided. “Her vocal stamina is at an all-time low.

“We’re urging Faith to get a totally clean bill of health before she even thinks about heading out on the road.

“We’re not concerned about her career. We’re concerned about her life!”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

