www.birminghammail.co.uk/news/showbiz-tv/wedding-meghan-markle-pippa-middleton-14660208

Matt Cannon, Image, Getty Images Europe, Pa

Is this why Meghan Markle snubbed Pippa Middleton for the Royal Wedding reception?

Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

The Royal Wedding is nearly upon us with guests no doubt busy selecting their gowns and tiaras in preparation for the big day.

But not for Pippa Middleton according to the latest reports - as royal wedding fever builds ahead of this Saturday (May 19).

Despite practically being family, the Duchess of Cambridge's little sister has reportedly been left off the invite list for Harry and Meghan's wedding reception next Saturday.

Speculation is rife over why Pippa didn't make the final guest list.

There have been reports of rows and jealous bust-ups over Kate, but it could be much more straightforward: could they be trying to avoid one another?

For one thing, Meghan did not make an appearance at Pippa's wedding ceremony to James Matthews in May 2017, as was expected.

Prince Harry arrived with his brother the Duke of Cambridge and, despite claims Meghan went to the reception, no images of the couple there have since emerged.

(Image: Getty Images Europe)

In the build up to the wedding speculation was rife that Meghan was told she couldn't wear anything similar to Pippa or Kate.

The Telegraph reported that she waited to pick her outfit until Kate had picked hers, so they wouldn't clash.

But in the end Meghan did not make the ceremony.

Away from weddings, Pippa and Meghan are rarely seen or pictured together. Why is this? It be they just choose not to spend much time together, or perhaps even that they're trying to give each other space.

Some royal fans, and many national newspapers, have suggested Pippa and Meghan can at times look somewhat similar.

(Image: Getty Images Europe) (Image: PA) (Image: Getty Images Europe) (Image: PA)

Dr Nyla Raja, a cosmetic dermatology GP and founder at Wilmslow Medispa , Manchester, pulled apart their similarities and differences.

She said: "Similarities can be drawn from their upper faces in terms of a similar eye shape, high cheekbones, and differences from their lower faces in lip size and shape of the jawline."

Could it be the pair are eager to not upstage each other on one another's wedding day?

Who is going to the wedding?

Harry and Meghan have remained tight-lipped about their guest list, but the numbers are significantly smaller than Prince William and Kate Middleton’s wedding at Westminster Abbey - as you might expect.

Nearly 2,000 guests attended the future King's wedding, while around 600 guests have been invited to the ceremony at St George’s Chapel, Windsor Castle.

(Image: PA)

Among them the couple’s closest friends, family and various celebrities – the Beckhams, Millie Mackintosh and tennis star Serena Williams.

Their own big day won't be the first time the couple have attended a wedding together.

Harry and Meg reportedly snuck away to Jamaica this weekend to attend a friend's wedding. Harry flew from London with his actress beau flying from Toronto to meet up for the ceremony in Montego Bay, St. James, last Spring.

The swanky bash saw the Prince's friend, Tom "Skippy" Inskip, tied the knot with literary agent Lara Hughes-Young, according to The Daily Mail.

The staff were reportedly asked to sign non-disclosure agreements but a photo of the couple leaked; Markle wore a floral Erdem dress and was spotted cuddling close to Harry.

