www.intouchweekly.com/posts/blake-shelton-miranda-lambert-support-156251

Carly Sitzer

Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert Are Supporting Each Other Through Their Breakups





Following news that Miranda Lambert ended things with her beau Anderson East, the country music cutie found an unlikely source of support — her ex-husband, Blake Shelton. And the timing could not be better — as Blake is going through his own breakup from his now-ex, Gwen Stefani.

“Miranda reached out to Blake via text,” a source close to the former spouses tells In Touch exclusively. “Ultimately, they buried the hatchet and have been supporting each other through their latest troubled relationships. They’ve become close friends and allies over the past month or so.”

It’s a future that no one could’ve imagined for the exes, who were married for five years before calling it quits in 2015. At that time, it seemed unlikely that the two would ever reconcile, but now that the time has been able to pass, the two have become each other’s closest allies — and those closest to them say even a romantic reunion isn’t totally out of the question. “They have developed into close confidantes and are sharing intimate details of their lives,” the source adds exclusively.

It turns out the timing for their reunion could not have been more perfect. Anderson decided to call it quits with Miranda after spending nearly three years together. Elsewhere in Hollywood, Blake decided to cool things off with Gwen after growing more and more tired of her constant “drama” and their disagreements when it came to starting a family together.

And despite both women having the plug pulled on their relationships, they couldn’t be handling it more differently. While Miranda is left qusetioning what the future of her love life will look like, she refuses to dwell on the past. “Her allegiance is to her songs, the road, and her fans right now,” another insider says of Miranda. Gwen is taking the news as well as Miranda. “She continues to send [Blake] loving social media support from LA while he’s been out on the road,” another insider says of the mother-of-three. “But Blake has drastically slowed regular communication with her.”

Following his increased frustrations with Gwen, a source close to Blake says “he’s “just a simple, country guy who wants his family and his woman by his side. And that woman isn’t Gwen.” In the meantime, we’ll all remain hopeful that the woman can be Miranda — again!

