www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/kylie-jenner-spoils-stormi-webster-161217

Alex Riccardi

Kylie Jenner Spoils Stormi Webster and Travis Scott Hates It

Baby drama alert! It's no secret that Kylie Jenner only wants the best of the best for her daughter, Stormi Webster, whether it be clothes, strollers, or baby luggage. However, her baby daddy, Travis Scott, is apparently getting annoyed with it all. He doesn't think Kylie should be spoiling Stormi the way she is, and he's ready for it to stop ASAP.

"Kylie's spending a fortune on Stormi's designer carriers, strollers, clothes, and accessories, but Travis thinks it's too much and wants her and her family to stop spoiling Stormi," a source exclusively told Life & Style. "She's just a baby. Travis didn't have everything handed to him as a child and he wants the same for his baby."

Travis was born in Houston, TX, and grew up in a middle-class town just outside of the city. He graduated from a public high school and went on to attend University of Texas at San Antonio. The 26-year-old ended up dropping out of college after his sophomore year to pursue music in NYC, which is when his parents cut him off financially after they didn't agree with his decision. He had to really work hard to get to where he is today, which is a major reason why he feels the way he does about spoiling Stormi.

"He worked for everything he has and feels Kylie's parenting skills are over-the-top because she's had a silver spoon in her mouth since birth," the source said. "He wants Kylie to have some perspective and stop spending so much on the baby before it's too late."

And to prove Travis' point even further that Kylie buys Stormi anything and everything, the new mom was just pictured holding her four-month-old in an $625 Gucci baby carrier at North West and Penelope Disick's unicorn-themed birthday party. The 20-year-old captioned the shot, "Happy Birthday, North & P," but the only thing we noticed was the carrier because it was literally so extra.

All of this is no surprise, though, and it's not to say Kylie hasn't worked hard for the things she has either. But, maybe — just maybe — Travis wants his daughter to hopefully understand that everything won't always be handed to her. Stormi will have to ~werk~ for her perks some day, too!

