www.etonline.com/al-roker-reacts-to-matt-lauers-recent-public-statement-following-today-show-firing-exclusive-101410

Antoinette Bueno

Al Roker Reacts to Matt Lauer's Recent Public Statement Following 'Today' Show Firing (Exclusive)

Al Roker is ever the professional.

ET spoke to the 63-year-old Today show co-anchor at the 45th Chaplin Award Gala honoring Helen Mirren at Alice Tully Hall in New York City on Monday, where he talked about his former co-worker, Matt Lauer, recently sending out his first statement in five months since being abruptly fired from the Today show last November due to sexual misconduct in the workplace. Lauer released a statement to The Washington Post last Wednesday, denying any allegations of coercion and abuse on his part.

"Well, look, I can't speak to what Matt is doing or why he chose to do it, but I think we're all evolving and changing and we all have to find our place in this world," Roker told ET about Lauer choosing to speak out.

Roker also didn't appear to be ruffled when asked how his work life has been affected.

"My deal is I just do my job and just be thrilled that I'm working with, you know... I like being with the people I work with," he said.

Lauer's statement came after The Post reached out for comment in regard to their report examining how NBC has handled multiple sexual misconduct scandals that have surfaced against several of the network's biggest news personalities.

"I have made no public comments on the many false stories from anonymous or biased sources that have been reported about me over these past several months," Lauer stated in response. "I remained silent in an attempt to protect my family from further embarrassment and to restore a small degree of the privacy they have lost. But defending my family now requires me to speak up."

"I fully acknowledge that I acted inappropriately as a husband, father and principal at NBC." he added. "However I want to make it perfectly clear that any allegations or reports of coercive, aggressive or abusive actions on my part, at any time, are absolutely false."

Prior to the announcement of his termination in November, Lauer did send out a statement expressing "sorrow and regret for the pain" he had caused others.

"As I am writing this I realize the depth of the damage and disappointment I have left behind at home and at NBC," the statement read. "Some of what is being said about me is untrue or mischaracterized, but there is enough truth in these stories to make me feel embarrassed and ashamed. I regret that my shame is now shared by the people I cherish dearly. Repairing the damage will take a lot of time and soul searching and I’m committed to beginning that effort. It is now my full time job."

ET spoke to Roker in January, when he praised Hoda Kotb after she was promoted to co-anchor of Today after Lauer's firing.

"It's one of those things where it's just completely natural," Roker told ET. "Hoda's been there and everybody loves Hoda, so it's been seamless."

He also said he had been in touch with Lauer since the allegations against the 60-year-old newsman broke.

"We wish nothing but the best for him and his family and [that] they get the support and the help that they need," he shared.

Watch below:

RELATED CONTENT:

Ann Curry Says She Once Reported Matt Lauer for Sexual Harassment on Behalf of Another Woman

Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Kotb Express Their 'Hopes' for Matt Lauer (Exclusive)

Matt Lauer in 'Bad Shape' As Divorce From Annette Roque Moves Forward (Exclusive)





