www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4723388/Chris-Hemsworth-s-comments-star-upset-Elsa-Pataky.html

Jody Phan For Daily Mail Australia

Chris Hemsworth's comments on co-star 'upset' Elsa Pataky

Chris Hemsworth made it very clear he's a huge fan of former co-star Charlize Theron during an interview with W magazine earlier this month.

And according to NW magazine this week, the 33-year-old actor's gushing comments about the statuesque blonde appears to have caused tension between him and his wife Elsa Pataky.

'Elsa knows that he'll never cheat, but a part of her does find it upsetting for Chris to be talking about Charlize so publicly when they're not even promoting a film together,' an insider is said to have revealed to the publication.

Scroll down for video

Too close for comfort? NW magazine has claimed Chris Hemsworth's gushing comments about Charlize Theron have caused friction with his wife Elsa Pataky

'It's more than a little disrespectful,' the source added.

NW's speculations come after Chris told W magazine his former Snow White And The Huntsman co-star is 'smart as hell'.

The Australian hunk further gushed about the 41-year-old actress, nominating her for the role of Bond in the next 007 blockbuster.

'Upset': The Australian hunk's wife Elsa is said to find his public comments about Charlize 'upsetting'

'She embodies every sort of ounce of strength and nobility and dignity and integrity that that character should have,' Chris said.

'She's smart as hell. She's physically able. I worked with her on Snow White And The Huntsman,' the Thor star added.

'Watching her in those fight scenes, doing it in high heels, by the way, and an eight foot long gown was even more impressive.'

Former co-stars: NW's claims come after Chris nominated his former Snow White And The Huntsman co-star Charlize for the role of Bond in the next 007 blockbuster

'Impressed': Chris also admitted he found watching Charlize perform fight scenes on set 'impressive'

What's more, Chris has also revealed he's not opposed to starring alongside Charlize once again as her love interest in Bond.

'I could be the Bond man. Sure. We could do a duet of Bonds,' the Byron Bay-based actor said.

Daily Mail Australia have reached out to Chris and Elsa's representative for comment.

'She's smart as hell': Chris said of the statuesque blonde during an interview with W magazine earlier this month

