www.celebitchy.com/516388/chris_pratt_bought_anna_faris_a_huge_new_ring_for_christmas_she_got_him_a_tractor/



Chris Pratt bought Anna Faris a huge new ring for Christmas, she got him a tractor

I’ve never really been a ride-or-die fan of Anna Faris and Chris Pratt as a couple. I’ve actually never been a true-blue fan of either separately. I’ve read some of Anna’s interviews where she seemed funny and “real” and interesting, but mostly I just kind of find her sad these days. I think she was more famous than Pratt when they got married, and now he’s this big movie star and she’s supposed to play the Rita Wilson role, and I don’t think she’s comfortable with that. Plus, I believe some (but not all) of the rumors and blind items about them. I think Chris and Anna’s marriage isn’t all that. I think they love each other and they adore their son but they’re one of those couples which… I don’t know, I guess I just wouldn’t be surprised if they announced their split tomorrow, you know? Their vibe is not one of happiness, despite the happy-couple act they performed on the red carpet of the Passengers premiere.

Speaking of the premiere, Anna told E! News that Chris had already given her a Christmas present – he upgraded her engagement ring. She told E!: “He just got me this ring. I know. Like two days ago. I look [at it] and I’m like, ‘I can’t believe it either!’ He’s an incredibly romantic man and I’m very, very lucky.” Chris explained what Anna had gotten him for Christmas too: “She got me a tractor, so we’re kind of even!” You can see a half-decent shot of her huge new ring in this video.

It’s beautiful. And huge. E! described it as a “diamond,” but Anna doesn’t say that and I’m not so sure? Maybe it was just the light or the reflection off her dress, but it looks like a colored stone to me? It looks like a pale amethyst to me, but it could be a pink diamond. But if Pratt bought her a pink diamond that big, he probably shelled out mid-seven figures for it. And her original engagement ring was a decent size and cut too! This is a good shot of her original engagement ring back in 2015:

Perfectly pretty. Of course, jewelry is always nice, and who would say no to a huge new sparkly ring? Chris and Anna sure want you to believe that they’re totally fine. But did her face say “we’re totally fine” in that interview? Does Chris’s face say “we’re totally fine” in these photos?

