www.iheart.com/content/2017-09-21-stars-celebrate-rosh-hashanah-see-celebrity-tweets-about-jewish-new-year/

Andrew Shuster

Stars Celebrate Rosh Hashanah: See Celebrity Tweets About Jewish New Year

One celebrity tweeting about Rosh Hashanah is Ellen DeGeneres, who said, “Happy Jewish New Year! I’m not Jewish, but I’m still gonna kiss a random person at midnight.” Josh Gad offered, “Happy and healthy New Year my fellow J’s!” Senator Al Franken wrote, “Shanah Tovah! Wishing all who celebrate #RoshHashanah￼ in Minnesota and across our nation a safe, healthy and happy new year.” Chelsea Clinton expressed, “L’Shana Tova! Wishing all a healthy & happy new year!”

Joel Madden tweeted, “Shana Tova,” which is the traditional way to wish someone a Happy New Year in Hebrew. Octavia Spencer wrote, “Happy Rosh Hashanah to all who are celebrating!!!” Paula Abdul expressed, “Happy #RoshHashanah. May this New Year bring you a peaceful, joyous heart & love in abundance! L’shanah Tovah!” Debra Messing said, “To all those celebrating I’d like to wish you a Shana Tova and a Happy New Year.” Melissa Joan Hart told followers, “Happy New Year to my Jewish friends around the world!”

“Leshana tovah tikatev v’tichatem to all celebrating,” said William Shatner. Pop duo Tegan and Sara conveyed, “Happy Rosh Hashanah to all those celebrating around the world.” Antonio Sabato Jr. stated, “For my Jewish followers friends family members Shana Tova! Happy new year to all people of Israel!” And along with emojis of an apple and honey, Henry Winkler wrote, “the sweetest and healthiest and happiest NEW YEAR from our house to yours.” Andy Cohen exclaimed, “HAPPY NEW YEAR!”

Josh Malina wished, “Wishing all a shanah tovah u’metukah – a year of good health, prosperity, joy, and sweetness.” “Shanah Tovah Umetukah – Have a good and sweet year! #RoshHashanah2017,” added Lisa Loeb. President Trump posted a video message, and tweeted, “On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year.” Ivanka Trump also wrote, “Shana Tova u’Metuka!” Gossip Cop will update as more celebrities tweet in honor of Rosh Hashanah, and we wish a very Happy New Year to all those celebrating.

