www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/the-weeknd-babies-selena-gomez-138802

Evan Real

The Weeknd Wants Babies With Selena Gomez (REPORT)

He’s got baby fever! The Weeknd reportedly wants to start a family with girlfriend Selena Gomez. According to Hollywood Life, the “Starboy” singer, 27, is hoping to welcome a baby girl with Selena, 25. (And now all we can think about is how freaking cute their child would be.)

“He has thought about starting a family with Selena at some point down the line, maybe in a few years and he has told her that he would want to have a girl because nothing would be better for him then to have a cute little Selena look-alike bouncing around,” a source told the website. “He’s mentioned to her many times that two of her would always be better than one.”

MORE: Selena Gomez Opens up About Her Relationship With The Weeknd, Says She “Loves Tremendously Big”

(Photo Credit: Getty Images)

It makes sense that The Weeknd (real name: Abel Tesfaye) would be thinking about babies before marriage. During a February 2017 cover story interview with GQ, the Grammy winner — who began dating Selena in January — told the magazine that becoming a dad is more important to him than tying the knot.

“I feel like I’m the kind of guy that would have kids before getting married,” the musician — who split from model Bella Hadid last November after two years of dating — explained. “The first thing would be kids. Marriage is scary to me, man.”

MORE: Selena Gomez’s Mom Has a Change of Heart — Gives The Weeknd Two Thumbs Up!

As we eagerly wait to see what a mini Selena might look like, the pop princess and her beau are just enjoying being young and in love. Earlier this summer, Sel told SiriusXM’s Nicole Ryan that she can’t get enough of their relationship.

“I love being supportive,” the Disney Channel alum — who famously dated Justin Bieber on and off for years — said of her romance with The Weeknd. “I love just being there and having someone’s back. It feels good. I haven’t had that feeling in awhile.”

