www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4205784/Paris-Jackson-goes-braless-split-boyfriend-emerges.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Paris Jackson braless as split with boyfriend emerges

It's been claimed Paris Jackson has split with boyfriend Michael Snoddy and today, it looked like the star is feeling just fine about the single life.

The 18-year-old was spotted picking up a discrete purchase out in Los Angeles on Wednesday.

During the trip, the Rolling Stone cover girl looked casual and worry-free, flaunting her collection of body art in a cropped top that left little to the imagination.

The single life: Paris Jackson was spotted in Los Angeles alone on Wednesday after it was reported that the star split from her rocker boyfriend Michael Snoddy

To tie-dye for! The funky starlet wore a pair of eclectic tie-dye pants while out

The celebrity offspring's platinum locks were pulled back into a practical top knot and kept out of her face with a teal scarf during her errand.

She wore funky tie-dye pants and carried a woven backpack adorned with a number of cool key chains while holding a brown paper bag in her hand.

Paris didn't mind going braless during the trip, showing off the outline of her new nipple piercings as well as a hint of her belly and pierced navel.

Her many tattoos were also on display while a huge peace pendant on her neck and strappy sandals perfected the outfit's retro vibe.

Body bling: The second generation star went braless during her outing, showing off her new nipple piercings in the cropped brown tee

According to Radar Online, Paris recently called things off with her boyfriend of little over a year.

Their split seems to be confirmed by the fact she deleted all the most recent photos of the Street Drum Corps drummer from her Instagram.

A source close to the Jacksons denies the breakup though, though another family confidant says the relationship was doomed from the start.

Knapsack: Michael Jackson's only daughter threw a knit backpack over her shoulders while out

'Obviously, he was wrong' A source close to the Jacksons say that Paris's relationship with Michael was doomed from the start saying 'Michael seemed to think that he could treat Paris however he wanted.' Here you can see one of the pair's last pics together, taken in the star's namesake city last month

'Michael seemed to think that he could treat Paris however he wanted and that she would stay,' the source claimed. 'Obviously, he was wrong.'

Paris might have much more than relationship woes on her plate soon, as the star may have to shoulder the burden of some of her father's outstanding debts.

Yesterday it was reported that the international pop star was 'on the edge' of going bankrupt before his death and his estate may owe as much as $1billion dollars in unpaid taxes to the IRS.

