www.glamour.com/story/taylor-swift-carried-out-of-her-apartment-in-a-huge-suitcase

Condé Nast, Christopher Ros

Was Taylor Swift Carried Out of Her Apartment in a Huge Suitcase?

Check it out for yourself, below:

As you'd expect, people on Twitter have been rejoicing over this news. But whether or not this story is true, it does hilariously highlight how weird it is to be a celebrity. I mean, we live in a world where they sell their used tissues on eBay for $5,000. And straight-up stop government elections because of their concerts. Hell, they put leeches on their bodies — for health reasons! So it's not that surprising that your favorite stars occasionally travel in unconventional ways, like private planes, tour buses, and...getting stuffed into suitcases.

Is traveling in a suitcase strange? Sure. Unabashedly extra? Absolutely. The opening scene of a future T. Swift music video called "My Love Is in a Suitcase?" Probably. But it's actually not that far-fetched: After all, Adele was frequently wheeled to the stage in an equipment box on her last tour. Lady Gaga arrived to the 2011 Grammy Awards in a giant egg. Sometimes the outside world is just too hard, and the only way to escape is by hopping into a box.

Of course, it's also possible this is complete rubbish or a misprint. The caption that started the mania in the first place spells Swift's name wrong in one place — so how reliable is it, actually? (And honestly, does it really matter? We wrote about it, so the joke's on us.)

Regardless, I hope somewhere right now Swift is curled up in her carry-on and cackling.

UPDATE: According to Spin, Splash News (the photo outlet responsible for this hoopla) is retracting its report that Taylor Swift was carried out of her New York City apartment in a suitcase. “I literally just put the phone down from someone on Taylor’s camp,” a Splash representative told Spin. “We’re having to actually retract that.” The representative says the photographer who originally made the claim didn't verify it. "The report stated it as a fact, which we actually don’t know,” the representative said. “How could we?” Womp.

RELATED: Taylor Swift Made a Super-Brief Cameo in an Episode of 13 Reasons Why

