www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/khloe-kardashian-rasing-baby-alone-158437

Alex Riccardi

Khloé Kardashian Can Raise Baby True Alone Without Tristan Thompson

Bye, bye, Tristan Thompson. Khloé Kardashian doesn't need a man's help when it comes to raising her newborn baby, True Thompson. The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star gave birth to her daughter on April 12, just days after Tristan was exposed for cheating on her with multiple women throughout her pregnancy. Despite putting on a united front, a source told Life & Style, Koko was devastated and doesn't plan on staying with the NBA star.

"She's in disbelief. It feels like a bad dream. She's trying to be strong for the baby, but it's not easy," the insider explained. "She thought she was in a loving relationship and that this was forever." When the 33-year-old got wind of the footage of Tristan making out with other girls, she was "hysterical" and "felt completely humiliated and couldn't stop crying," the source said.

Literally hours later, Koko went into labor. "Tristan ruined what should have been the happiest day of Khloé's life," the source continued. Now, because of the cheating scandal, Khloé thinks "she can raise this baby alone."

And she's not wrong there. The new mama is incredibly capable as she has taken care of all of her nieces and nephews plenty of times over the past eight years. Between Mason, 8, Penelope, 5, North, 4, Reign, 3, Saint, 2, Dream, 1, Chicago, three months, and Stormi, two months — Khloé has had her fair share of diaper duty to know what to expect with her own child.

However, a different source doesn't think Khloé will get rid of her serial cheater boyfriend for good. After all, she did allow him in the delivery room so soon following the scandal — not to mention the number of chances she gave Lamar Odom when she knew he was hooking up with other women.

"She'll break up with Tristan for a while," the source revealed. "But sadly, Khloé will probably take him back."

For more on this exclusive story, pick up the new issue of Life & Style magazine, on newsstands now!

