www.digitalspy.com/showbiz/news/a840769/michael-fassbender-alicia-vikander-married/

Megan Davies, Megan Davies Is A Freelance Sub-Editor, News Writer At Digital Spy, Is A Lover Of Good Tv, Good Coffee, Any Story With A Solid Twist.

Michael Fassbender and Alicia Vikander have gotten married in Ibiza

It looks like congratulations are in order for Hollywood couple Alicia Vikander and Michael Fassbender, as they're reportedly now husband and wife.

The pair, who began dating back in 2014 after meeting on the set of their film The Light Between Oceans, got married in a private ceremony at a resort in Ibiza over the weekend, according to People.

Both Alicia and Michael have also been pictured with rings on their wedding finger by the Daily Mail as they spent time with family and friends on the island, so all signs point to the notoriously private couple tying the knot.

Digital Spy has reached out to reps for the actors for comment.

Alicia and Michael have largely kept their relationship private in the years they've been together, keeping public appearances together to a minimum but acknowledging their relationship in moments like Alicia kissing Michael before accepting her Oscar for The Danish Girl in February 2016.

Speaking to EW last year about their relationship, both Alicia and Michael said that they value their privacy.

"I think we've made a clear statement that we keep certain things just between us," Alicia said. "It was very easy to unite, but that's quite personal."

Michael added: "

I'm not going to talk about my private life with a total stranger, unless I feel like I need to. Why would I? I don't."

Karwai Tang Getty Images

The couple will be entering into married life with a lot of big films on the horizon, with Michael Fassbender currently starring in the adaptation of Jo Nesbø's bestselling thriller The Snowman and also due to reprise his role as Magneto in next year's X-Men: Dark Phoenix.

Alicia, meanwhile, is gearing up for the release of the Tomb Raider reboot, in which she takes over the role of Lara Croft from Angelina Jolie.

Tomb Raider will crash into UK and US cinemas on Friday, March 16, 2018, and you can watch the first trailer for the film right here:

Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.

