www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/brad-pitt-completely-devastated-after-angelina-jolie-split-w441790/

Evan Real

Brad Pitt ‘Completely Devastated’ After Angelina Jolie Split





Worse for wear. Brad Pitt is reeling over the end of his two-year marriage (and 14-year relationship) with Angelina Jolie, a source exclusively tells Us Weekly. According to the insider, the Fight Club hunk’s impending divorce from the Oscar-winning actress, 41, has been a tough pill to swallow.

“He is beside himself and has been crying. He was completely caught off guard and blindsided and had no idea she would do this,” the source tells Us of Pitt’s fragile emotional state after Jolie filed divorce documents on Monday, September 19.

“Angelina filed the court papers a minute before the courts closed on Monday night,” the insider explains of the Maleficent star’s tactful filing. “He didn’t have a lawyer or anything. She had threatened divorce in the past but he did not think she would file this time.”

The source adds: “He is completely devastated and beside himself. He is a shattered man.”

“He’s extremely upset,” another source tells Us. “But he is totally focused on just being helpful and making sure his kids are doing as well as possible.”

As previously reported, Jolie cited irreconcilable differences in her divorce docs. The humanitarian and actress is requesting sole physical custody of their six kids, Maddox, 15, Pax, 12, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, and twins Knox and Vivienne, 8. The divorce filings indicate that she requested Pitt receive joint legal custody. She is not asking for spousal support.

A third insider previously told Us that Jolie’s decision to part ways with the World War Z actor “was only made one week ago.”

Days after the shocking news of Brangelina’s demise broke, it was reported that Pitt, 52, was being investigated for child abuse by the FBI following an incident (caught on tape, an insider told Us) that occurred on the former couple’s private plane.

According to multiple insiders, the dad of six can be seen on video “looking drunk” and “yelling.” The footage is reportedly from Wednesday, September 14, after the family’s jet stopped for fuel at Minnesota’s International Falls Airport during their flight from Nice, France, to Burbank, California.

“In response to your inquiry regarding allegations within the special aircraft jurisdiction of the United States; specifically, an aircraft carrying Mr. Brad Pitt and his children, the FBI is continuing to gather facts and will evaluate whether an investigation at the federal level will be pursued,” the FBI told Us in a statement on Thursday. (The FBI has jurisdiction over the situation because the alleged incident happened in the air.)

Earlier this week, a source told Us that some of Jolie and Pitt’s most contentious fights leading up to their breakup stemmed from their disagreement over opposing parenting styles, among other factors. “[Jolie] did try to make it work, but her kids come first, and she couldn’t let them see Mommy and Daddy like this,” the source explained. “The fighting got worse, and they disagreed a lot about parenting and a lot of things.”

