radaronline.com/videos/caitlyn-jenner-deaf-hearing-aid-sophia-hutchins/

Radar Staff, November

Caitlyn Jenner Going Deaf & Falling In Love With New Trans Girlfriend

Caitlyn's Hearing Hell! Jenner Leans On New Girlfriend For Support As She Goes Deaf

Caitlyn's Hearing Hell! Jenner Leans On New Girlfriend For Support As She Goes Deaf

Caitlyn's Hearing Hell! Jenner Leans On New Girlfriend For Support As She Goes Deaf New arm candy Sophia Hutchins doesn’t judge former Olympian for wearing hearing aids.

Caitlyn Jenner has been spotted sporting hearing aids, sparking fears the transgender star may be heading toward another transition — deafness, but thankfully, the former Olympian has new girlfriend Sophia Hutchins as a shoulder to lean on.

Jenner, 68, was snapped wearing the devices during her recent beach holiday in Mexico with her 21-year-old new trans arm candy.

“Cait’s hearing has gotten worse over the years, and she can’t hear much without them,” a source told RadarOnline.com exclusively. “She’s tried covering them up with her hair, but the beach wind exposed them to the world!”

Sophia, a student at California’s Pepperdine University, credits the famous former athlete for inspiring her gender reassignment surgery.

What’s more, she’s been totally supportive as Caitlyn struggles with hearing issues.

“Sophia doesn’t judge Cait for wearing hearing aids. In fact, she said that she wanted to get a pair just like them when the time comes, which made Cait laugh,” dished the insider.

But Cait’s fading hearing is no joke to family insiders. “They’re worried that Cait’s happiness is clouding the bigger issue — she might be going deaf!” added the source.

As Radar exclusively reported, things between the two have been heating up for the past few months. Hutchins posted frequent pictures of Jenner’s dog and tell-tale shots about their relationship from the Sherwood Country Club, where her girlfriend was a member and an avid golfer.

Hutchins continues to hint her relationship with Jenner is going strong as the younger girlfriend posted another picture with a clue about their romance just last week! She posted an Instagram story where she was hugging Jenner’s dog, Bertha, and captioned the pic “cuddling with my love bug,” on Halloween, the same day Radar exclusively revealed details about their hidden relationship.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

