marriedbiography.com/is-ben-affleck-really-throwing-dinner-parties-just-to-have-single-ladies-over-find-out-here-full-story/



Is Ben Affleck really Throwing Dinner Parties Just to Have Single Ladies Over? Find out here Full Story! – Married Biography

Is Ben Affleck really Throwing Dinner Parties Just to Have Single Ladies Over? Find out here Full Story! Share this

Rumors have gotten weird! There is the said rumor that actor Ben Affleck is hosting dinner parties with the request that his friends bring over attractive single women. Is that really true? Let’s Find out!

Ben Affleck throwing parties for Single women

Although it sounds fun and comic, It’s not true. It is just the rumor caused by some tabloids to sell the news. Gossip Cop found out and looked into it and has an exclusive truth.

An article in the latest issue of Life & Style contends that the actor has been “embracing the bachelor lifestyle” since moving out of the home he shared with Jennifer Garner and their three kids. The estranged spouses officially filed for divorce in April, and now a questionable source tells the outlet that Affleck is “absolutely loving the single life.” The magazine’s dubious insider further purports that the actor often invites friends to his home for dinner, but only under the condition that they bring prospective women for him to date.

But despite the tabloid’s assertion that the actor is “swimming in babies at his new bachelor pad,” a mutual friend of gossip cop and Affleck assured this tale of wild dinner parties is simply “not true.” It is said that the actor is instead busy “focusing on family.” Of course, Life & Style has a poor track record when it comes to accurately reporting about Affleck, so this latest piece of fiction isn’t surprising.

So the absurd News of Ben Affleck is definitely not true and the story is just made up!

Ben and Jennifer: Divorce

Although they were one of Hollywood’s most celebrated power couples, Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck eventually called it quits after 10 years of marriage.The former couple officially filed divorce papers on Thursday – coordinating the filing of near-identical documents at the same time. Garner and Affleck also had a notable omission in their filing – they didn’t specify a separation date. More Story at…

Jennifer Garner spotted with former husband Ben Affleck in Easter Church after filing for divorce

On April 16, we saw a unification of a family just after three days of Jennifer filed for a divorce. They both came along with their children. After the church, they were chatting, smiling onSunday morning in Los Angeles. This former couple is spotted together for the first time after the filing of the divorce.

The couple came to the end of their marriage after the 10 years of marriage. They announced their split in June 2015. Both of them are seeking for the joint legal physical custody of their three children Violet, Seraphina, and Samuel. Also, they are negotiating a financial settlement. More Story at….

Short Bio on Ben Affleck:

Ben Affleck is an American actor and filmmaker. He has received accolades including two Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, two BAFTA Awards and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. He began his career as a child and starred in the PBS educational series The Voyage of the Mimi (1984, 1988). He later appeared in the independent coming-of-age comedy Dazed and Confused (1993) and various Kevin Smith films including Chasing Amy (1997) and Dogma (1999). Affleck gained wider recognition when he and childhood friend Matt Damon won the Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Good Will Hunting (1997).

