www.cosmopolitan.com/uk/entertainment/a10205909/tess-ward-dumped-harry-styles/

Dusty Baxter-Wright, Senior Entertainment, Lifestyle Writer, Dusty Baxter-Wright Is Cosmopolitan'S Senior Entertainment, Covering, Celebrities, Movies, Tv, Books As Well As Travel, Interiors

Tess Ward dumped Harry Styles because she 'still has feelings for an ex', apparently

If you see people queueing around the block by Harry Styles's house today, it might be because the One Direction singer is in need of a shoulder to cry on following reports girlfriend Tess Ward ended their relationship.

We'll join the back of that queue, shall we?

According to The Sun, blogger and chef Tess called time on things with Harry earlier this week, citing still having feelings for her ex as the main reason.

Getty Images

"Harry and Tess haven’t seen each other for a number of weeks", their source explained. "They’re both constantly travelling the world. Tess [also] realised she still had feelings for her ex after splitting from him to date Harry and has apologised to him for her romance with the singer.

"It will take a while for Tess to build back his trust but they have been getting on as normal. She was in London this week and met her ex straight away — they’ve been inseparable since."

The poor little lamb. Still, there's probably a jazzy shirt or a metallic pair of boots around that'll cheer him up, right?

David M Benett Getty Images

The pair were first linked last month, when an insider revealed to The Sun that Harry and Tess were introduced my mutual friends, and he quickly became "besotted" with her.

"As soon as Harry met Tess there was an instant spark between them", they explained. "They really bonded over their mutual love of quirky fashion and food – and things turned romantic quickly.



"They've been on a number of dates while Harry has been in London and he's already introduced Tess to some of his close friends including his personal stylist Lou Teasdale.

"This really seems different to Harry's past relationships as Harry genuinely is besotted with Tess and doesn't want to risk messing this one up."

Getty Images

Poor Harry. If he wants to watch Bridget Jones and eat Ben & Jerry's, he knows where we are.

