celebrityinsider.org/jennifer-lopez-and-alex-rodriguez-headed-for-a-split-inside-her-demands-for-a-ring-151802/

Suzy Kerr

Jennifer Lopez And Alex Rodriguez Headed For A Split? Inside Her Demands For A Ring

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez have been dating for a little over a year, and according to a new report, she is ready to walk down the aisle. Sources say that Lopez sees herself marrying A-Rod sooner rather than later, and she is starting to get impatient. Are the singer and future baseball Hall-of-Famer headed for a split if he doesn’t put a ring on it?

According to Life & Style, J. Lo thinks Rodriguez is “the one,” but she doesn’t want to put too much pressure on him since they have both been married before. But, that isn’t keeping her from looking at rings and pointing out what she likes when they walk past an expensive jewelry store.

#FeelingTheLove #GroupHug #FamilyTime A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on May 19, 2018 at 9:53pm PDT

Lopez tied the knot for the first time back in 1997 when she married Ojani Noa, but they divorced just one year later. Her second marriage to Cris Judd lasted for only two years, 2001 to 2003. Then, she got married a third time back in 2004 to singer Marc Anthony. They share two children – 10-year-old twins Emme and Max – but the relationship ended when they parted ways in 2014.

As for Rodriguez, he has been married just once. He wed Cynthia Scurtis in 2002, but the couple divorced in 2008. They also share two children, 14-year-old Natasha and 10-year-old Ella.

But even though they have both done the marriage thing before, it doesn’t mean they are against trying it again. Sources say Rodriguez isn’t opposed to getting married, and he and Lopez have talked about it.

“He and Jennifer have talked at great length about tying the knot. But it’s getting to the stage where J. Lo is becoming impatient. She’s starting to question whether her boyfriend is all talk and no action!” says an insider.

Lopez hasn’t given her boyfriend an ultimatum, but she isn’t hiding the fact that she is getting anxious about the relationship. Her new song Anillo – which means “ring” in Spanish – seemingly made things very public. In the chorus, she repeats the line, “I have it all, but where’s the ring?”

The singer hasn’t confirmed the song is about her own life or relationship, but it is difficult not to speculate on who she is talking about. And, J. Lo’s friend and World of Dance co-star Jenna Dewan believes that a ring is in the near future for Lopez and Rodriguez.

Dewan recently admitted that she is sure an engagement is happening soon, and she isn’t the only one. Another World of Dance star, Ne-Yo, says that if you have ever seen the two of them together, you would know that an engagement is pretty much the next step. He went on to say that they are “annoyingly cute,” to the point that you want them to just stop touching each other.

Advertisement

Insiders say that Lopez and Rodriguez’s kids are also ready for them to tie the knot, and the couple is happy that all of the children get along and have accepted their new family. Jennifer Lopez believes that Alex Rodriguez is her soulmate, and she can’t believe how happy she is.

