www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/jennifer-lopez-engagement-ring-149958

Life, Style Magazine

Jennifer Lopez's Engagement Ring — Alex Rodriguez Drops $3 Million!





Her love don’t cost a thing — but that didn’t stop Alex Rodriguez from splurging on Jennifer Lopez‘s engagement ring. The former Yankees star is ready to pop the question to his girlfriend of nearly one year, and sources reveal exclusively to Life & Style that A-Rod is pulling out all the stops on his upcoming proposal.

“A-Rod dropped $3 million on a custom 15-carat diamond engagement ring,” a source says. Though he didn’t consult her about it, “he knows her style,” the insider adds. “Big stone, lots of little bling on the band.” And if everything goes to plan, Alex will be getting down on one knee during the holidays.

“He wants to start the New Year knowing Jennifer will be his wife,” explains an insider. “He didn’t have to do it, but A-Rod asked Jen’s mom [Guadalupe] and dad [David] for permission to marry their daughter. Of course, they said yes.”

Despite her three prior divorces, J.Lo, 48, has never given up on the idea of marriage. “I’m not saying marrying again is out of the question — but then, nothing in my life is out of the question,” she said in 2016. “Everything and anything is possible. I don’t put limits on myself.”

The couple has also made it very clear that they are ready to take their relationship to the next level. Along with already blending their families, Jennifer’s nine-year-old twins Max and Emme are already BFFs with Alex’s daughter Natasha, 13, and Ella, 9, the pair couldn’t stop gushing about each other in their recent Vanity Fair cover story.

“We are very much twins,” Alex, 42, said. “We’re both Leos; we’re both from New York; we’re both Latino and about 20 other things.” Jennifer added, “I understand him in a way that I don’t think anyone else could, and he understands me in a way that no one else could ever.” She continued, “Because a lot of people I’ve met in my life, they don’t appreciate what they’re doing and how amazing it is… not the greatness of the house, but the moment of sitting there with someone you love, with a family, with healthy kids.” We have a feeling fourth time will be the charm!

For more exclusive celebrity news, be sure to pick up the latest issue of Life & Style on newsstands now.

