metro.co.uk/2018/03/22/perrie-edwards-gigi-hadid-prove-taste-rock-similar-sunglasses-7408595/

Rishma Dosani

Perrie Edwards wears Gigi Hadid‘s sunglasses after Zayn Malik split

Gigi Hadid headed out sporting her signature tiny sunnies (Picture: GC Images)

Perrie Edwards and Gigi Hadid might have the same taste in men – after both enjoying long relationships with Zayn Malik – but it seems that’s not the only thing the pair have in common.

The Little Mix singer was spotted touching down in Tokyo with her bandmates – rocking a very similar pair of black sunglasses to ones the Victoria’s Secret supermodel was photographed in recently.

She nailed airport chic as she headed to Japan, opting for a pair of tiny specs for the day.

And eagle-eyed fans wondered if she was making a point with her choice of eyewear – with Gigi constantly pictured in tiny sunnies, and even launching her own collection filled similar shades for Vogue Eyewear.



Perrie Edwards followed suit in a pair of mini shades (Picture: Sato)

It seems they’ve both been getting style tips from Kanye, who famously said told wife Kim Kardashian that ‘big glasses are out’.

Advertisement

Advertisement

This isn’t the first time the two have been compared over their fashion choices, with the Shout Out To My Ex singer sharing snaps of herself on Instagram wearing an outfit very similar to those from Gigi’s collection with Tommy Hilfiger.

However, the X Factor star later deleted her upload, after fans questioned whether she was ‘shading’ the 22-year-old.

Gigi Hadid recently made headlines after confirming her split from Zayn, after two years together.

Bella Hadid’s sister announced the news earlier this month by sharing a statement on Twitter.

Zayn and Gigi dated for two years (Picture: Getty)

‘Breakup statements often seem impersonal because there is really no way to put into words what two people experience together over a few years,’ she told her 8.81million followers. ‘Not only in the relationship, but in life in general.

‘I’m forever grateful for the love, time and life lessons that Z and I shared. I want nothing but the best for him and will continue to support him as a friend that I have immense love and respect for.

‘As for the future, whatever’s meant to be will always be. xG.’

Before he dated the supermodel, Zayn dated Perrie for four years, and was engaged to the 24-year-old for two.

Advertisement

Advertisement

She later revealed he split with her over a ‘simple text message’ – something he has since denied.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Zayn debuts drastic new ‘do as he bleaches hair and beard in wake of Gigi Hadid split

MORE: Gigi Hadid and Lewis Hamilton ‘sending flirty texts’ days after Zayn Malik split

