metro.co.uk/2018/03/05/jennifer-lawrence-nicholas-hoult-rumoured-rekindling-romance-7363207/

Lucy Wood

Jennifer Lawrence and Nicholas Hoult are rumoured to be rekindling their romance

Nicholas Hoult and Jennifer Lawrence have remained close since their split in 2014 (Picture: Getty Images)

Dating is hard enough for us non-famous nobodies, but things get ten times more complicated when you’re an A-lister and your boyfriend also happens to be pretty famous.

It goes without saying that one can’t simply break up with someone in Hollywood without endless speculation that you’re back together, so here we go again with Jennifer Lawrence and ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Hoult.

For the fifty millionth time, it’s been rumoured that the pair could be ready to rekindle their romance, following their original split back in 2014 after three years together.

It’s reported that Nicholas and Jennifer are said to be ‘taking things slowly’ (Picture: Splash)

JLaw and her X Men co-star Nicholas have remained good friends since their relationship came to an end, which probably explains why they’ve reportedly been spending ‘an awful lot of time together’ while Jen has been in the UK.

Advertisement

Advertisement

A source told The Sun on Sunday newspaper that Jennifer’s British press tour for hew new movie Red Sparrow has given her the perfect excuse to reconnect with Nicholas again.

‘They spent an awful lot of time together but are taking things slowly,’ an insider claimed.

In between promoting her new movie Red Sparrow, JLaw has been linked to another big Hollywood name (Picture: REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni)

‘Jennifer is not keen to rush back into another relationship as she hasn’t fully got over Darren [Aronofsky]. But pals reckon it’s only a matter of time before they decide to give things another go, as they have always remained close.’

Jen must be pretty busy at the moment as this ‘rekindling’ with Nick comes just as she’s also been romantically linked to her Red Sparrow co-star, Joel Edgerton.

Joel, who plays her lover in the spy thriller, apparently even introduced Jennifer to his parents during her recent stay in London with a family dinner that was a ‘roaring success’.

If there is anything going on with either of the guys then J-Law is playing it uncharacteristically cool for once. She recently declared that she was in full on ‘single mode’ and had no problems with it.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Talking to The Mirror: Jen said: ‘I am in the single mode where I am like, “Cool, I can do whatever I want and I can be alone and watch terrible TV”.

‘And then, of course, in a few months I will be devastatingly lonely and feel like I’m on some long waiting list. But I am not there yet.’

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Jennifer Lawrence is an ‘a**hole friend’ as she trolls Emma Stone during Oscars 2018

MORE: Jennifer Lawrence climbs over Oscars seats with her wine glass and it’s relatable AF

