www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/meghan-markle-strict-royal-rules-12950443

Joshua Taylor, Image, Getty, Pa, Wpa Pool

Meghan Markle 'frustrated' by strict royal rules and is 'learning the hard way' about life inside the family

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest Royal Family stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Meghan Markle is reportedly 'frustrated' by the strict royal protocols that govern her new life since marrying Prince Harry .

Members of the public watching Meghan's transformation from Hollywood actress into the Duchess of Sussex could be forgiven for thinking she'd taken to her new role with ease.

She made an effortless joint engagement with the Queen to open a new bridge, attended the RAF centenary flypast, was a guest of the Irish President alongside Harry, joined sister-in-law Kate Middleton at Wimbledon and looked stunning at Prince Louis' christening.

But she is reportedly confused about aspects of royal life and the old-fashioned ways of the Windsor household.

A source told People.com how Meghan "has found certain rules in the royal household difficult to understand, like the fact that the Queen prefers women in dresses or skirts rather than trouser suits, and is often asking Harry why things have to be done in a certain way".

(Image: Getty) (Image: PA)

The source added: "I think she finds it a little frustrating at times, but this is her new life, and she has to deal with it.”

The monarchy website includes a reference to Meghan as a "feminist".

She had never previously shied away from voicing her opinions on issues that were close to her heart.

But protocol prohibits royal family members from expressing political opinions.

There was no greater example of this than an Irish politician's recent blunder which revealed Meghan's opinions on the country's recent referendum on legalising abortion .

(Image: WPA Pool)

Senator Catherine Noone posted on Facebook : "A pleasure to meet Prince Harry and the Duchess of Sussex at the British Ambassador's Residence this evening.

"The Duchess and I had a chat about the recent referendum result - she watched with interest and was pleased to see the result."

The comments suggest that Meghan may have broken royal protocol by expressing political opinon.

Since the 17th century, members of the British monarchy have been banned from doing just that, which includes voting.

But from an early age, former Suits star Meghan was politically active.

Aged just 11 she successfully campaigned to have a washing detergent advert's sexist language changed.

She also said in 2016 she would move to Canada if "misogynistic" Donald Trump was elected US president.

