www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/katie-and-jamie-wedding-133052

Life, Style Magazine

Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx's Wedding Will Be Top Secret (EXCLUSIVE)

It’s happening! Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx have been dating for four years and managed to keep their relationship completely under wraps.

However, sources reveal exclusively to Life & Style that the secretive couple is finally ready to tie the knot — but don’t expect to see any wedding photos.

MORE: Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Seemingly Confirm Their Relationship With Dinner Date!

“They would want it to be a quiet, under-the-radar ceremony in a romantic spot like Italy or the coast of France,” the insider says.

Katie and Jamie spent a few days together in Paris, where Jamie is filming Robin Hood, earlier this month, and managed to stay completely out of sight of photographers, spending time together at the luxe Park Hyatt Paris-Vendôme.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BSbwlWoBrZ7/

The wedding could happen as soon as the summer for the super-private pair as Katie’s 10-year-old daughter Suri will be out of school.

Last year, Katie was spotted at the Barbra Streisand concert supporting her boyfriend as he took the stage. A few months later, the couple was spotted ringing in the New Year in Miami — and an eyewitness saw them “holding hands and walking near the pool” at the SoHo House.

MORE: Does Tom Cruise See Daughter Suri? Here’s What We Know

“They’re very serious,” the source told Us Weekly .

“Jamie is someone she can trust and have fun with,” another insider revealed of the Dawson’s Creek alum, who was previously married to Tom Cruise. “She’s getting everything from Jamie that she didn’t get with Tom.”

According to Radar Online, Katie’s divorce from Tom contained a clause that stated she could “embarrass” her ex-husband in any way, which includes publicly dating another man for five years after their split.

MORE: Never Miss a Life & Style Exclusive by Signing up for Our Newsletter!

“Katie signed a clause in her quickie divorce settlement that prevents her from embarrassing Tom in various ways, like talking about him or Scientology, or publicly dating another man for five years after the divorce,” a source revealed. “She’s allowed to date, but she cannot do so in a public fashion, and she’s not supposed to let any boyfriend near their daughter Suri.”

The insider added, “Katie wanted out of the marriage so badly, she agreed to the terms — and got $4.8 million in child support, plus another $5 million for herself.”

More From Life & Style

Jamie Foxx a Victim of Racist Attack During Trip to Croatia

Jennifer Lopez and Jamie Foxx Have Mini ‘In Living Color’ Reunion — See the Selfie!

Katie Holmes Was The “Least Warm” Star on the ‘Dawson’s Creek’ Set!

