www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/5597346/justin-theroux-cuddling-naomi-watts-upset-jennifer-aniston/

Louise Randell

This picture of Justin Theroux cuddling up to ‘close friend’ Naomi Watts ‘upset’ wife Jennifer Aniston

JUSTIN Theroux was seen hugging his close friend Naomi Watts at a party last year and it reportedly upset his now estranged wife Jennifer Aniston.

The pair announced their split yesterday after two years of marriage, and these were the snaps that US reports claimed left the Friends star, 49, fuming.

5 Justin Theroux was seen hugging his long time friend Naomi Watts at a party last year Credit: Rex Features

The Hollywood pair sent shock waves across the showbiz world last night when they confirmed their marriage is over and they had been separated since late last year.

The news has prompted wild speculation about what went wrong, with a report today suggesting Justin was happier spending time with friends in New York while Jennifer preferred living in Los Angeles.

Newly-reemerged pictures show Justin, 46, catching up with pals in the Big Apple in January, 2017.

In the snaps, he is seen hugging his former co-star Naomi, 49, who had just separated from her actor husband Liev Schreiber.

5 The pair have been friends for 16 years after starring in a movie together Credit: Rex Features

They were shown catching up over drinks at the party, and chatting happily.

However, the National Enquirer claimed the snaps upset Jen.

At the time the National Enquirer reported the actress was not happy about the snaps.

Justin and Naomi have been friends for 16 years since they starred in David Lynch's cult 2001 movie Mulholland Drive.

5 Jennifer Aniston was reportedly not happy about the pictures Credit: Getty - Contributor

5 The couple announced their split yesterday Credit: Getty - Contributor

5 They called their separation 'loving' and insisted they will 'cherish their friendship' Credit: EPA

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux have split

Most Read In TV & Showbiz QUEEN'S RULING Jac Jossa is first winner to EVER cancel live TV chats after threesome claim BRAVE FACE I'm A Celeb's Jac Jossa puts wedding ring back ON & says she's 'absolutely fine' Exclusive Jungle SHOWDOWN Jacqueline Jossa & cheating Dan in tense talks as his mum points the finger kiss it better? I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline & husband Dan kiss before reuniting with kids THE ENDER LoU? EastEnders fans convinced Linda will kill Louise on Christmas Day CHERRY XMAS! Busty Susanna Reid sends GMB fans into a frenzy in plunging cherry red dress

According to Jen and Justin's statement, they split up at the end of the year, before the pictures were taken.

But the pair were pictured on holiday a New Year holiday in Mexico, showing they were still in close contact.

They were married for two years after tying the knot in secret in 2015

