abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/khloe-kardashian-im-angry-confused-irritated-life/story?id=21610067

Abc News, Michael Rothman, January, Min Read

Khloe Kardashian 'Angry and Confused and Irritated at Life' Prior to Lamar Odom Split

Khloe Kardashian 'Angry and Confused and Irritated at Life' Prior to Lamar Odom Split More is revealed about Kardashian's crumbling marriage on "KUWTK."

In this file photo, Lamar Odom, left, and Khloe Kardashian, right, make an appearance on Jun. 7, 2012 in Orange, Calif.

In this file photo, Lamar Odom, left, and Khloe Kardashian, right, make an appearance on Jun. 7, 2012 in Orange, Calif. Imeh Akpanudosen/Getty Images

"Keeping Up With the Kardashians" continued its two-night season premiere Monday, further exploring what Khloe Kardashian went through before she decided to divorce Lamar Odom last month.

The episode, filmed at least a month prior to her filing for divorce on Dec. 13, shows Odom calling Kardashian, begging for forgiveness regarding nasty comments his father Joe made to the media about her family.

"Lamar called and was crying," Kardashian revealed. "He was really sad and he kept apologizing about today. He was making me cry."

In fact, Kardashian said Odom told her he would "kill" for her family and that he loves the Kardashians.

"It's so sad to sit back and watch somebody's life implode right before your very eyes," Kris Jenner said about Odom and the situation with her daughter. "Six months ago she had a husband and a family and a bond that I thought would be unbreakable."

Read: Khloe Kardashian Says 'I'm a Shattered Person' on 'KUWTK'

Khloe Kardashian, 29, was not happy about her father-in-law's comments.

"People want to point the finger, but we have nothing to do with anything that's going on," she said of Odom's alleged drug use and infidelity. "If anything, we've been a support system. Take me through the mud, but please don't drag my family through it."

In another apologetic call, Khloe's sister Kourtney Kardashian spoke to Odom about their relationship and said: "We love you and we're here for you. I just want to do whatever I can."

Odom went as far as to send Khloe's other sister Kim Kardashian his statement about his father's comments he was about to release, which he eventually tweeted Sept. 24.

Related: Khloe Kardashian Files For Divorce

"My heart breaks for Khloé," Kim said. "I feel like she's in such a place where she just is kind of stuck and I understand now why she's made so many of the choices that she's made, but now that she has endured so much I just really want her to figure out what she's going to do next."

After all this, Odom tried desperately to see his estranged wife.

"I'll see you tonight," he said. "I'll bring dinner tonight with champagne."

It's also revealed he stopped by at 1 a.m. and that Khloe didn't want him at the house.

"I miss you too but I can't see you," she told him. "It's just so confusing."

Later Khloe said, "I wake up and sometimes I'm in a great mood and sometimes I'm really angry and confused and irritated at life. I just have to take it day by day."

