www.news.com.au/entertainment/celebrity-life/hook-ups-break-ups/mariah-carey-steps-out-with-boyfriend-and-her-10-million-engagement-ring-from-james-packer/news-story/36828c5b13e3adc238fa9b7acdbdb061

The Sun

Did Mariah Carey just taunt ex James Packer after he branded their relationship a mistake?

MARIAH Carey has stepped out wearing her 35 carat diamond engagement ring from her ex-fiance James Packer — even though they split up a year ago.

The Sun reports that the singer flashed the $10 million rock as she attended a Chanel party with her backing dancer boyfriend Bryan Tanaka.

The singer dated Packer for 18 months before they split up in October 2016.

However, that hasn’t deterred Carey from wearing the impressive piece of jewellery.

Carey’s ring matched her glittering ensemble for the fashion party, which was attended by Karl Lagerfeld, Naomi Campbell and Gigi and Bella Hadid.

She wore a plunging black shimmering gown with a silver belt around her waist and made sure all eyes were on her as she performed at the party.

It comes after Packer admitted he was “at a low point” in his life when he dated Carey.

Last week, the Australian billionaire, 50, broke his silence on his whirlwind engagement to the 47-year-old superstar.

Speaking to The Australian, he confessed the romance was a “mistake” for them both.

“I was at a low point in my personal life. Documenting the negotiations with my sister was taking longer than expected,” he said.

“She was kind, exciting and fun. Mariah is a woman of substance. But it was a mistake for her and a mistake for me.”

Packer continued to explain that he was in over $5 billion worth of debt at the time he met Mariah.

“Two years ago I was terrified. I had $2.3 billion of debt at CPH ­[Consolidated Press Holdings, his private company], over $3 billion of debt at Crown, I’d just appointed Rob [Rankin as chairman of Crown], Macau was falling over and [sister] Gretel was on my doorstep.

‘Then, a year later, I’ve got China falling apart, the Australian casino businesses missing budgets by big amounts, I’ve got Mariah breaking up with me and I’m thinking, ‘F**k!’.”

The father-of-three also admitted that his “biggest regret” was getting divorced from his ex-wife Erica Baxter, who later dated chart topper Seal for 12 months.

He added: “It is my biggest regret that I let my marriage to Erica fail. It is what it is and she is doing an incredible job with the kids and we are in a great place.”

Carey was left devastated when Packer ended their nine-month romance last year and she reportedly blamed Scientology for the split when their engagement was suddenly called off.

Insiders claimed at the time that she believed Packer — who was a Scientologist between 2002 and 2006 — had been influenced by his business manager and former Church of Scientology spokesman tommy Davis, who Carey believed poisoned his mind against her.

Packer’s camp denied Scientology had anything to do with their split and instead, sources claimed he blamed it on Carey’s excessive spending and the drama surrounding her as she filmed her reality show Mariah’s World.

The pair were first introduced by mutual friend Brett Ratner at the premiere of Hercules in 2014.

In January 2016, Packer got down on one knee and proposed with a striking 35-carat diamond engagement ring, which was rumoured to be worth $10 million.

She is also still great friends with her ex-husband Nick Cannon, with whom she co-parents her six-year-old twins Monroe and Moroccan.

This article originally appeared in The Sun

