hollywoodlife.com/2016/11/23/ben-affleck-jennifer-garner-renew-vows-secret-ceremony/

Emy Lacroix, Senior Writer

Ben Affleck & Jennifer Garner Renew Their Vows In Intimate Ceremony With Kids

There’s still hope for love in this world! We were devastated when Jen Garner and Ben Affleck split in June 2015, but after months of hints that they may be working on their relationship, a new report claims that they’ve renewed their vows! We have all the details, right here.

This is going to make you feel warm and fuzzy just in time for the holidays! Ben Affleck, 44, and Jen Garner, 44, have had a rough year. From a shocking split to cheating rumors and accusations of hard-partying, these two seem to have taken hit after hit in their relationship. However, it may all be over now because they’ve re-made the ultimate commitment to stand by each others’ side through thick and thin, according to a new report.

That’s right, Star Magazine reports that Jen and Ben have recently renewed their vows as rumors swirled of a fourth child being in the works. “They wanted something quiet and intimate, with just the children present,” the source told the mag. “Jen wore a sweet, simple dress and Ben put on a pair of slacks and a nice shirt.”

It sounds like the whole event was cathartic, romantic and wonderfully personal to both of them. “Afterward, she laughed and thanked him for making an honest woman out of her,” the insider continued. “He also surprised Jen with a fabulous $2.3 million diamond ring. It’s all perfect timing, especially now that their pals think she’s expecting again.”

We’re so happy for them! The couple already has three children together: Violet, 10, Seraphina, 7, and Samuel, 4, but fans noticed that Jen seemed to be sporting a baby bump on Nov. 18, and the rumors grew from there. If the family is growing their family, we couldn’t be happier for them. We just hope Ben stays on the straight and narrow so they can all continue to be happy! Congrats, guys!

HollywoodLifers, do you think Ben and Jen renewing their vows is a good idea? Share your thoughts with us!

