www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4691078/Miley-Cyrus-Liam-Hemsworth-arguing-prenup.html

Marta Jary For Daily Mail Australia

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth 'arguing' over prenup

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are ready to wed but are having a disagreement over a prenuptial agreement, claims a magazine report.

A 'source' allegedly told OK! Australia that the pair 'were screaming and in tears' when the issue came up, as Liam was 'deeply offended' when his bride-to-be handed him a prenup to sign.

The insider reportedly revealed to the magazine: 'They got into an explosive fight...'

'She thought he was going to end the relationship': A magazine has claimed Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth had an 'explosive fight' over prenuptial agreement

'Miley told her friends that Liam got furious. They never yell, but they were screaming and in tears'.

The magazine's source goes on to claim that Miley, 'thought he was going to end the relationship'.

Daily Mail Australia has reached out to Liam and Miley for comment.

Despite the magazine's claims of discord in their romance, Miley and Liam appear to be more loved up than ever of late.

On the weekend, Liam took to Instagram to share a black and white image of the two of them looking very relaxed and happy together.

The Australian-born actor wrote alongside the photo: 'My little angel and I.'

Happy: Despite the claims of discord in their romance, the pair seem loved up as Liam took to Instagram to share a black and white image of the two of them captioned, 'My little angel and I'

Wedding bells: Rumours about the couple's nuptials have been swirling for months

Happy: Miley and Liam have looked happier than ever of late in their new Malibu home

According to recent reports, the pair had planned on finally tying the knot early in a quickie Las Vegas wedding.

NW magazine claimed a source told the magazine that the pair are 'eloping to Las Vegas early next month,' referring to the month of July.

Miley's always loved the idea of a spontaneous Las Vegas wedding,' the 'source' reportedly told the publication.



Another insider told the publication that the couple are also planning to move Down Under permanently following their nuptials.

Moving? Another publication reported that the couple are also planning to move Down Under permanently following their nuptials

'[Miley's] telling close friends she'll move to Australia next year. She loves the laidback lifestyle there. She feels right at home,' the source added.

The pair first met in 2009 on the set of their movie The Last Song.

They became engaged in 2012 only to break it off a year later, before reconciling in 2016.

