radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/06/caitlyn-jenner-adopt-baby-girlfriend-sophia-hutchins/

Radar Staff, June

Inside Caitlyn Jenner & Girlfriend Sophia Hutchin's Top Secret Adoption Plans

RadarOnline.com learned exclusively Caitlyn Jenner’s much-younger girlfriend Sophia Hutchins is begging the transgender star to adopt a baby together.

“Jenner’s always wanted to be a mother, and now, that’s a real possibility,” a source connected to the Malibu dwelling lady says, noting she and Hutchins are strongly considering the process.

“Sophia loves children and has been giving Cait little hints that she’s interested in a baby. Cait’s considering it,” the source revealed.

As readers know, Jenner’s been on the outs with her own children. “She doesn’t have the best relationship with any of her kids” dished the source. “She’s always wanted to be a mother and raise a little girl and have the opportunity to do fun, girly things like get her hair and nails done with her and take her shopping for her prom dress.”

According to the insider, Jenner’s gung-ho about the possibility and if she brings a new child into her life, she’d raise it completely different from how Kendall and Kylie Jenner, 22, and 20, respectively, were raised.

“Cait’s made it clear to Sophia she doesn’t want the baby to have anything to do with television or reality TV,” the source added. “Fame has destroyed Cait’s relationship with her grown children and she’s not letting that happen again if she and Sophia adopt.”

As Radar previously reported exclusively, Jenner’s been shelling out thousands of dollars a week to keep her 21-year-old girlfriend living in the lap of luxury.

“Caitlyn is spending an absolute fortune on Sophia,” another source told Radar. “She’s constantly treating her to drinks and dinners at the nicest restaurants in town and buys her jewelry and handbags all the time!”

“Sophia is using Caitlyn’s cash to deck out her wardrobe with designer clothes and get her hair and nails done every week,” the source explained. “This is costing Caitlyn at least $50,000 each week but she thinks nothing of this weird arrangement.”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

