www.businessinsider.com/kanye-west-fans-plan-hey-mama-day-for-taylor-swifts-album-release-2017-8

Kyle Neubeck

Kanye West fans are planning 'Hey Mama Day' in response to Taylor Swift's upcoming album release

Fans believe Taylor Swift's single "Look What You Made Me Do" targets Kanye West. Larry Busacca/Getty Images The INSIDER Summary:

Kanye West fans are convinced Taylor Swift's album release date purposely coincides with the 10th anniversary of Kanye West's mother's death.

In response to the date, Kanye fans took to the r/Kanye subreddit to plan "Hey Mama" day.

The plan is to repeatedly stream a singular Kanye song on that date in order to steal the potential top spot from Swift.

Around 2,200 fans have declared interest in the event so far.



Taylor Swift has done everything she can to rattle cages with her new single, "Look What You Made Me Do," but not everything she's done so far has been welcomed with open arms. A big discovery was made shortly after she announced when her next album would be released — it coincided with the 10th anniversary of Kanye West's mother passing away.

Though Swift was, well, swift to deny any intent to antagonize Kanye with the drop date, she has resorted to all sorts of petty moves in the past. Her discontent with Kanye runs deep, from award show embarrassments to his infamous, "I made that b---h famous" line on "Famous," so she has the motivation to attack him and his family if she wants to.

Not content to take Swift's denial at face value, Kanye fans have decided to strike back against the pop star, and they're planning their own event for Nov. 10. Allow me to introduce you to "Hey Mama" day, a concept dreamed up by some of Kanye's biggest fans on the r/Kanye subreddit. Here's a brief description of what they plan to accomplish. The subreddit that started it all. Reddit

"Basically, Taylor Swift has released a Kanye diss track, taken shots at Kim's Paris robbery, and has stolen Kanye's font and cover art style for her new album 'Reputation.' Most importantly she is planning on releasing it on the anniversary of Kanye's mother, Donda West's death - November 10. Basically, we have the idea to repeatedly stream a singular Kanye song on that date, hopefully getting that song the #1 spot on daily streams over any of Taylor's songs. We are focussing on a single song as it will be much easier to concentrate our efforts into that, than say a whole album getting to #1."

The post gained enough traction that it rose near the top of the subreddit, and now there's an event page for the day on Facebook. The title has been altered a bit to, "Listen to Hey Mama by Kanye West Day" but the concept is still the same, and the interest is beginning to grow. So far, around 2,200 dedicated fans (or T. Swift haters) have declared interest in participating, and Spotify playlists of just "Hey Mama" have been created in advance of the event. These people are not messing around.

