www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5765893/Angelina-Jolie-furious-children-amid-Brad-Pitt-divorce-battle.html

Lisa Mcloughlin, Lisa Mcloughlin For Mailonline

Angelina Jolie 'furious she can't take her children out of the US'

It has been reported that Angelina Jolie is furious she's not allowed to take her children out of the US while her custody battle with estranged husband Brad Pitt is still ongoing.

The 42-year-old actress was planning to take her six kids; Maddox, 16, Pax, 15, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 11, and nine-year-old twins Vivienne and Knox, whom she has with the Hollywood star, 54, to London while she shoots her sequel Maleficent 2.

However, The Tourist star's has reportedly been told she can't take the children across to the UK until she and Brad have sorted their divorce.

'Furious': It has been reported that Angelina Jolie is furious she's not allowed to take her children out of the US while her custody battle with estranged husband Brad Pitt is still ongoing (Pictured with daughters Shiloh, left, and Zahara, right)

An insider told the New York Post's Page Six column: 'They are figuring out how it would work, but she is not happy. She wants to take the kids to London with her while she's shooting -- and she's frustrated with the process.

'They're talking about how it would work. Even the people around her are getting tired of it.' MailOnline have contacted Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's reps for comment.

The estranged couple have been locked in a bitter divorce battle, including who will get custody of their children, since they called time on their marriage in 2016.

Despite the furore, it is reported that the pair are weeks away from finalising the details of their divorce.

Embattled: However, The Tourist star's has reportedly been told she can't take the children across to the UK until she and Brad (pictured) have sorted their divorce

Tough: The 42-year-old actress was planning to take her six kids; Maddox, 16, Pax, 15, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 11, and nine-year-old twins Vivienne and Knox, whom she has with the Hollywood star, 54, to London while she shoots her sequel Maleficent 2 (Pictured in 2017)

A source told The Sun in April: 'The terms of the divorce are now agreed. They are being finalised by both legal teams, but will be filed within weeks.

'It's a huge turnaround from where the marriage ended, especially given the claims Angelina made against Brad, but they are now on pretty good terms. Both decided it was crucial for the children that they had a respectful relationship.

'The key thing is that they agree to custody sharing, with Brad having access and working with Angelina on logistic issues about work and travel. There were rumours the divorce was being called off, but that's not the case.'

Meanwhile, it was previously claimed that Brad goes to therapy every week following his bitter split from Angelina because he wants to be a 'better' father.

Figuring it out: An insider told the New York Post's Page Six column: 'They are figuring out how it would work, but she is not happy. She wants to take the kids to London with her while she's shooting -- and she's frustrated with the process'

Finalising: The estranged couple have been locked in a bitter divorce battle, including who will get custody of their children, since they called time on their marriage in 2016. Despite the furore, it is reported that the pair are weeks away from finalising the details of their divorce

The insider told Us Magazine: 'He goes to therapy every week and is mostly interested in learning and bettering himself as a man and father.'

The source added that the Fury star sees his brood at home for a 'private and safe' meeting, and is hoping to get more time with them as things progress.

'Brad doesn’t go out much with the kids or leave the house. But Brad would definitely like to spend more time with them than he does,' they continued. 'He prefers to keep things very private and safe. It's his sanctuary and just being there is where he finds peace.'

Turnaround: A source told The Sun in April: 'The terms of the divorce are now agreed. They are being finalised by both legal teams, but will be filed within weeks. 'It's a huge turnaround from where the marriage ended, especially given the claims Angelina made against Brad, but they are now on pretty good terms' (Pictured in 2015)

Better: Meanwhile, it was previously claimed that Brad goes to therapy every week following his bitter split from Angelina because he wants to be a 'better' father (Pictured in 2016)

Since the split, Brad is said to have turned to galleries and concerts for entertainment after he admitted that his drinking became a 'problem'.

He previously told GQ: 'I can’t remember a day since I got out of college when I wasn’t boozing or had a spliff, or something. Something. And you realise that a lot of it is, um –cigarettes, you know, pacifiers. And I’m running from feelings.

‘I’m really, really happy to be done with all of that. I mean I stopped everything except boozing when I started my family. But even this last year, you know — things I wasn’t dealing with.

'I was boozing too much. It’s just become a problem.'

