dawnofcomics.com/news/jon-hamm-not-stealing-batman-role/

I Wasn'T Into Comics, Comicbook Movies Till Hell I Did Not Read Any Comic Till My First Real Encounter With This Mysterious, Fascinating World Of Superheroes Was With The World Wide Acclaimed Movie, The Dark Knight. After Seeing The Movie, I Instantly Fell In Love With Batman, The Next Year I Became Obsessed With The Character. I Saw Every Batman Movie, Even Batman, Robin, On Repeat Just To Get Enough Of The Character, Then I Started To Read His Comics. It Were The Batman Comics That Introduced Me To The Several Other Characters

Jon Hamm is NOT Stealing Batman Role from Affleck.

For quite some time I have kept my patience with the news of Ben Affleck leaving DCFU. I wrote a fan-fic about how they can do it with the Flashpoint movie, but nowhere did I confirm it. After Variety came out with news about the reconstruction of executive roles behind the screen of DCFU and so-called confirmation of Affleck leaving the role, fans have been speculating who should wear the cowl next. Now, the news of Ben wanting to leave Batman’s role isn’t new and many actors names to replace him have surfaced time and again. But a few days ago I saw an article from one of the popular websites that claimed that Jon Hamm wants to steal Ben Affleck’s Batman role.

It stated that –

Jon’s gunning hard for the role. They’ve (Ben and Jon) enjoyed working together and have been on good terms ever since. But Jon knows Ben has faced some criticism over Batman v Superman and Justice League and frankly thinks he’d be better suited for the job. This is business for Jon, not personal

And no matter how exciting it may sound to Hamm’s fans, according to me, the facts that I have gathered so far appear to confirm that it’s a big fat lie.

Jon doesn’t even want a Superhero role, leave aside Batman.

During an interview with The Radio Times in 2014, Hamm was asked whether he’d ever been offered a role in a superhero film. The actor stated that he’d been offered several, but made the “right decision” in turning them down. He didn’t disclose what these parts were but described these types of movie deals as “draconian.”

He specifically said –

For me to sign on now to do a superhero movie would mean I would be working until I am fifty as that particular superhero. It’s a lot of work at one thing, which is not necessarily the reason I got into the business – which is to do many things. If you want to spend all day pressing the same key that… seems an odd choice

Now it may seem old talk, but I don’t think that Jonn will change his mind and become so desperate for a superhero role. This just proves what a false argument those websites presented when they went for Jon Hamm becoming desperate for comic book character without having a glimpse of his past statements.

One rumour contradicts the other.

It’s so disheartening to know that people with power and sources today exploit the innocent. These news websites come out with new rumours every other day which are more bogus than the previous. A few days ago we got a rumour that Matt Reeves is looking for a younger actor to play Batman in his trilogy. And now we are getting another rumour that an actor who’s older than Affleck is being considered for the role. Obviously, both the rumours are contradicting one another implying that one of them is definitely false.

What are your thoughts on this? Do you think Jon, after stating that he doesn’t want to be a part of superhero franchise would ask for the Batman role? Tell us in the comments. Also if you find any such hoax on the internet, do share it with us on Twitter @DawnOfComics and we will dig into it for you.

