www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2316929/Ellen-DeGeneres-beams-wife-Portia-Rossi-shows-svelte-figure-black-frock-premiere-party.html

Jennifer Pearson

Ellen DeGeneres beams as wife Portia de Rossi shows off her svelte figure in black frock at premiere party

She's all mine! Ellen DeGeneres beams as wife Portia de Rossi shows off her svelte figure in black frock at premiere party



Ellen DeGeneres was so proud of Portia de Rossi and small wonder.

Portia was looking radiant from head to heels as she attended the Arrested Development season four premiere in Los Angeles on the arm of her talk show partner.

The slender 40-year-old was wearing a sleek-fitting, long-sleeved black brocade dress with sheer cut-a-way details on the sides and back.

Glamorous: Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi were arm in arm at the Arrested Development season four premiere in Los Angeles on Monday

The hemline stopped short of her knees to reveal shapely calves and slim ankles, and there were black pointed heels on her feet.

Portia wore her light blonde hair short and spiked on top, which added even more height to her five-foot-seven inches.

The former Ally McBeal star has always tended to be the girly one of the couple and proved that point again on this occasion.

Arresting: Portia, who stars on the comedy Arrested Development, wowed the crowd and Ellen in this clingy black number with sheer cut-a-way details on the sides and back

Sheer wonder: The back of Portia's dress featured a dazzling sheer panel

Hands on: Ellen seemed so proud of Portia, who bent her head down in a sudden show of modesty

Ellen's classy and more masculine look complimented Portia's feminine outfit perfectly.

The 55-year-old television host was clad in a grey suit with black and white striped knit top, and grey suede shoes completed the picture.

They've been married five years - and together a total of eight - and they still seemed more in tune than ever.

Understated elegance: The talk show host paired her glossy grey suit with a black and white striped top and grey suede shoes Flowers in season: Penelope Mitchell matched her pretty red floral frock with navy heels while Alia Shawkat bloomed radiance in a black rose-patterned dress Bright lights in the city: Judy Greer was pretty in polka dots while Amber Tamblyn was cheery in sheer blouse with canary yellow skirt

Portia revealed in a recent interview in Out magazine that she and Ellen have no plans to start a family.

Instead they are parents to a household full of rescued dogs and cats.

The couple posed hand in hand and then arm in arm, and at one point Ellen let Portia stand for a few solo pictures.

Newlyweds: Amber brought her husband of six months David Cross with her to the bash

Designing women: Amanda Peet paired her bland beige coat with wild trousers while Natasha Lyonne was urban chic black and white striped jacket and black shorts

Soon they were reunited and continued into the party together.

Arrested Development aired on Fox from 2003 to 2006 and now 15 new episodes are planned for a May 26 release on Netflix.

Now comes word that funny man John Krasinski will be making a cameo guest appearance on the revised comedy cult series, according to Entertainment Weekly .

Captivating: Jason Bateman and wife Amanda Anka smiled broadly on the orange carpet

Evening envy: Jason Biggs went casual in jeans, shirt and tie, while wife Jenny Mollen was festive in white skirt and blue floral jacket Developing: Jessica Walter and Jeffrey Tambor return to the series' fourth season on May 26

Other celebrities said to be making appearances on the show include Ben Stiller, Seth Rogen, Kristen Wiig, Conan O’Brien, Andy Richter, Isla Fisher, John Slattery, Liza Minnelli, Carl Weathers, Ron Howard, Henry Winkler and Scott Baio.

Indeed, the excitement was palpable at the star-studded event which also brought out Michael Cera, Jason Bateman and wife Amanda Anka, Jason Biggs, Amanda Peet and Judy Greer.

Cool girl: Laura Prepon opted for slashed jeans and grey T-shirt with ancient emblem

The skinny: Mary Lynn Rajskub squeezed her shapely figure into black leggings and Mae Whitman was sleek in her black spaghetti strap dress Hey dude: Will Arnett looked like a guy out of a J Crew catalog while Michael Cera dressed up his tan trousers with a grey coat

Amber Tamblyn, looking glamorous in a yellow dress, attended with husband David Cross.

Natasha Lyonne was eye-catching in a black and white striped jacket and black shorts.

Alia Shawkat was a breath of fresh air in her black frock with pink rosettes scattered over it.

