www.marthastewartweddings.com/632965/jennifer-lopez-alex-rodriguez-marriage

Sarah Schreiber

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez Won't Be Tying the Knot Anytime Soon

Image zoom Getty

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez might be one of the most talked about couples in Hollywood, but they aren't considering marriage just yet. The singer and actress talked to Harper's Bazaar about her relationship with the retired baseball player, and she stated that she doesn't see a wedding in her immediate future.

"I do believe in marriage, and I would love to grow old with somebody in a committed relationship," the Shades of Blue star explained. "But I'm not forcing anything right now." After all, Lopez and Rodriguez haven't been dating for all that long. Since they began their relationship just over a year ago, they've focused on blending their families and cultivating their bond. "It's good, it's healthy; we communicate well," she continued. "We understand each other's lives in a way that most other people couldn't. We both entered the public eye in our early 20s and overachieved right from the start. And that affects every dynamic in your life, from your family to your work to your relationships."

RELATED: JENNIFER LOPEZ AND ALEX RODRIGUEZ HAVE ALREADY DISCUSSED MARRIAGE

Their early entrance into the public eye and their commitment to their children aren't the only similarites these two share. Rodriguez told Vanity Fair last year that he and Lopez "are very much twins." "We're both Leos; we're both from New York; we're both Latino and about 20 other things," he continued. He also opened up about how his daughters view his serious girlfriend. "Our kids get along really well. [Jennifer] is such a great role model. [My daughters] look at her like she's the Messiah," he said.

The duo officially began dating in March 2017, but Rodriguez didn't confirm the relationship until the end of the month, when he made an appearance on The View. He called Lopez "an amazing girl, and one of the smartest human beings I've ever met." She might not be walking down the aisle anytime soon, but Lopez knows her relationship is special. "This is the first relationship I've been where I feel like we really make each other better. Just wanting to support the other person and make them happy," she told USA.

