ew.com/awards/2018/01/21/sag-awards-red-carpet-live-stream/

Ernest Macias

Watch PEOPLE, Entertainment Weekly & TNT's 2018 SAG Awards Red Carpet Live right here

The 2018 Screen Actors Guild Awards are just around the corner and you don’t need to be in La La Land to catch all the glitz and glamour of the red carpet.

In partnership with TNT, PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly are hosting the official live pre-show party of the SAG Awards on Sunday. The PEOPLE, Entertainment Weekly & TNT’s SAG Awards Red Carpet Live will start at 5:30 p.m. ET/2:30 PT from Los Angeles — and it’ll be live-streaming right here.

PeopleTV’s Lola Ogunnaike and PEOPLE Now‘s Jeremy Parsons will co-host the special event, while PEOPLE Style & Beauty Director Andrea Lavinthal and PEOPLE Deputy Editor JD Heyman will serve as experts on a second red carpet location. PEOPLE Editor-in-Chief Jess Cagle and Turner Classic Movie (TCM) Primetime host Ben Mankiewicz will offer additional commentary.

The SAG Awards recognize performances – both individual and full ensembles of comedy and drama – for actors in film and television. Kristen Bell will serve as the awards show’s first the first-ever host. As previously announced, all SAG Awards presenters would all be female; traditionally awards are presented by a paired male and female star.

“Our women are very famous and yet they face the issues that women across this country do, which is they don’t have equality in income. They don’t have creative equality. And they have the same kind of safety issues that other women have been facing,” SAG Awards executive producer Kathy Connell previously told EW. “We just thought we wanted to acknowledge as many wonderful women on our stage this year as we could, while we’re celebrating the best performances by women and men of the year.”

Oscar-winning actor and producer Morgan Freeman is this year’s recipient of the SAG Awards Life Achievement Award, for his accomplishments in film as well as his humanitarian work.

In addition to watching all the red carpet action right here, the show will be available on PeopleTV, the streaming network from PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly. It will also be available to stream on Twitter, tntdrama.com/sagawards, sagawards.org, People.com, EW.com, InStyle.com, and Time.com. PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly will be furthering the conversation on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat throughout the evening using the hashtag #SAGAwardsLive.

The 24th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards will be simulcast live on TNT and TBS from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, Sunday, Jan. 21 at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT.

