www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2417042/Cara-Delevingne-ladders-hold-ups-attends-Rihannas-fashion-launch.html

Hanna Flint

Cara Delevingne has ladders in her hold-ups as she attends Rihanna's fashion launch

Did you trip on your way over? Cara Delevingne has ladders in her hold-ups as she attends Rihanna's fashion launch

As a world-famous fashion model, clothes aren't in short supply for Cara Delevingne.

But it seems fresh tights are as the British runway star arrived to Rihanna's autumn/winter collection launch in hold ups with more than a few ladders in them.

Rocking a few items from the Bajan singers latest River Island range, at least the ripped legwear went well with Cara's grungy urban look.

Scroll down for video



Ladder up: Cara Delevingne rocks ripped hold-ups to attend Rihanna for River Island's launch event Oops: The model exited her car showing off her hold ups with the large ladder up one leg

Delevingne, 21, wore a yellow oversized baseball buttoned jersey as a dress with the hold-ups and towering lace-up ankle boots, while carrying a camouflage bomberjacket over one arm.

Scroll down for more

Cara kept her personal belongings in a black bag with 'G4Life' and 'RiRi' printed repeatedly across each handle, again from Rihanna's new high street collection.

However when she got inside of the launch party held at The Dorchester Hotel's penthouse suite, the British model quickly ditched the hat to sit down and enjoy a glass of wine with her popstar friend.

Cool look: Cara modelled a few items from Rihanna's new collection including a yellow baseball jersey dress and a black rucksack Making her entrance: Cara showed off her ladder as she walked out with Rihanna's best pal Kooky style: Delevingne showed off her trendy style, ladders and all

Reunited: The model joined her Bajan friend at the launch in The Dorchester Hotel on Tuesday night

The fashionable event gave the girls time to catch up after spending time together in Barbados on a luxury boat.

Rihanna, 25, had invited the model to enjoy the ginormous vessel during the summer, while the singer was on a brief break from her Diamonds World Tour.



Bold looks: Cara in yellow and Rihanna's blue lips were made for statement appearances

G4Life: The singer and her model friend pulled their best gangsta poses as they waited for the clothes to come on show The whole team's here: All the models gathered round Rihanna, wearing her second line for the high street retailer And with Cara moving further into the movie world - having recently filmed scenes for a new British movie Kids In Love - the two may have stories to share, what with Ri Ri's role in Battleship and a cameo in apocalyptic comedy This Is The End. But with London Fashion Week just around the corner, the two will have more time to hang out, and give Cara a chance to show Rihanna around her home town. Party time: Both Cara and Rihanna were seen leaving the venue in their glad rags Next stop! They didn't look like they were planning to end their night any time soon when they all piled into a taxi Party pals: Following the River Island Riri Fashion launch the girls then headed to Nozumi restaurant in Kensington for a spot of food Good night then Cara? She looked slightly bleary eyed as she walked along the streets during her night out on the town Rocking the Ri Ri look: Cara arrived in head-to-toe Rihanna For River island

