www.celebitchy.com/571027/ls_angelina_jolie_plans_to_marry_her_mystery_british-philanthropist_boyfriend/



L&S: Angelina Jolie plans to marry her mystery British-philanthropist boyfriend?

A quick correction: I claimed that Angelina Jolie had taken a few of her kids to see Tomb Raider. That’s what the Daily Mail said! As it turns out, Angelina took her kids to see Love, Simon, not Tomb Raider. Which is still noteworthy because… ha, Angelina didn’t go to the reboot. She chose the well-reviewed, word-of-mouth hit Love, Simon instead.

Anyway, many of us have speculated about Angelina’s love life, whether she has a man or several men, whether she’s getting some on the downlow, or whether she’s truly just focused on being a mom and making sure her kids are doing well. If and when Angelina does take a lover or get a boyfriend, I think many of us believe that the guy will be British, and he won’t be in the film industry. Well guess what?

Brad, who? Angelina Jolie’s been keeping a low profile lately. But she hasn’t been hiding out alone. Besides spending quality time with her six kids, the actress has been secretly dating — and she’s gotten intensely serious about one man in particular. “There’s a millionaire British philanthropist who she’s been quietly seeing for over a year now,” a close friend reveals. “Gradually, their romance blossomed into real love.” Now she’s ready to take the next step with her mystery man: down the aisle! Life & Style has exclusively learned that Angelina is planning to marry husband No. 4 this summer in London. She’s taking all the necessary steps, pushing to finalize her divorce from Brad Pitt and moving their six kids to the UK a few months before the ceremony. “She’s decided to marry her wealthy beau as soon as the ink is dry on the divorce from Brad,” the friend says. “In fact, Angie’s so in love that she was the one to propose!” The timing couldn’t be better. Angelina, 42, is scheduled to be in her fiancé’s home country from April until August to film Maleficent 2 and to fulfill her duties as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics. That will allow her to be in England long enough to do some hands-on wedding planning. And kids Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 11, and twins Knox and Vivienne, 9, are happy to be a part of it. “While they love Brad, the children really like weddings and are incredibly excited about Angelina marrying again,” an insider shares. “They’ll be heavily involved in putting together the ceremony, which Angie is hoping to hold in late July or early August at the mansion the family’s renting outside of London. Pax has already called dibs on providing the music and overseeing the baking of the cake for the reception!” Her brood isn’t just helping organize the “I do’s”. They’re also being eyed for starring roles. “Angelina’s thinking of having Zahara andVivasbridesmaids, and decided that Shiloh should walk her down the aisle,” says the insider. Though Pax asked to remain behind the scenes, Knox will be a ring bearer and Maddox will serve as the groom’s best man. “Maddox wants to play a crucial role,” the insider says. “In some ways, he feels like the man of the family now.” When Brad’s not around, that is. Angie and the actor, 54, were together for 11 years, and married for two, before she blindsided him by filing for divorce in September 2016 after an altercation between Brad and Maddox on a private plane. While months of court-ordered therapy, supervised visitation and tense custody talks followed, the exes are in a good place now — and Brad has actually given the summer wedding his blessing. “He will probably be left off the wedding guest list, but Brad’s told pals that Angie deserves happiness even if it’s not with him,” the insider says. “He’s just thrilled about her getting ready to sign off on the divorce so that he can get on with his life as well.”

[From Life & Style]

I mean, obviously this is complete and total fiction. The only true thing is that Angelina is going to spend a chunk of the year in England filming Maleficent 2, and giving lectures at the London School of Economics. Now, that being said… she has made a lot of trips to England over the past year. Is it possible she has some quiet British lover and no one has figured out who it is? Angelina knows how to keep her secrets locked down, so it wouldn’t surprise me if she did have someone she could meet up with every few months. And I hope she does have someone like that. She should go out and get hers. But no, even if she loved the guy to a crazy degree, Angelina’s not getting remarried any time soon (or ever).

