www.glamourmagazine.co.uk/article/lady-gaga-christian-carino

Bianca London, Thursday April

So this is apparently why Lady Gaga and Christian Carino called time on their engagement

Digital native with a penchant for all things beauty, wellness and Love Island related. Non-verified Whispering Angel brand ambassador.

We all recall the moment where Lady Gaga took to the Oscars 2019 red carpet alone after the singer announced the end of her relationship with then-fiancé, Christian Carino.



Bradley Cooper and Gaga stans promptly span into meltdown, announcing that they were going to get together and leave their exes behind… Which is *so* not the case, considering Bradley is happy with Irina Shayk - super cute - but also because Gaga’s and Coopers chemistry is just *acting*.



But actually, apparently the real reason the relationship ended was so that Gaga could focus on her career.



Since she broke onto the scene back in 2008, Lady Gaga has not slowed down, releasing album after album, hit after hit, and then moving on to take the film industry, amassing into the success of the A Star Is Born remake.



But apparently Carino was holding her back. According to US Weekly, a source claimed Gaga thought her ex-fiance was “infringing on her creative process” and thus, she ended it.



The source also claimed that the world renowned pop singer “couldn’t risk jeopardising her career in that way, over a man, and that’s not something she would stand for”.

We don't know if the rumours are true but we love Gaga's independent spirit.

Arguably Lady Gaga was dressed for the funeral of her relationship in a black floor length dress by Alexander McQueen - complete with black elbow length gloves. Naturally.

Advertisement

People magazine broke the news that the pair had split earlier this month with Sources telling the publication that the couple's relationship 'just didn't work out' just months after he proposed.

The source also said that 'relationships sometimes end' and 'there's no long dramatic story.'

Read next Lady GaGa's Haus Laboratories’ bestselling lipstick is coming to the UK next month Lady Gaga Lady GaGa's Haus Laboratories’ bestselling lipstick is coming to the UK next month The red lipsticks are coming out.

Speculation about their relationship woes hit fever pitch after Lady Gaga was spotted without her engagement ring on at the Grammys and after she failed to mention her boyfriend during an acceptance speech at the Grammys.

Lady Gaga confirmed they were engaged to Christian Carino back in October.

Advertisement

Getty Images

At Elle‘s 25th Annual Women in Hollywood Celebration at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles back in October, Lady Gaga confirmed the engagement rumours by thanking “my fiancé Christian” during her speech.

We were also treated to a proper look at her stunning engagement ring and we're practically reaching for our sunglasses.

Read next Lady Gaga is starring in a movie about the Gucci family murder and it looks major Lady Gaga Lady Gaga is starring in a movie about the Gucci family murder and it looks major We cannot wait.

Getty Images

Advertisement

Just look at that rock!

Getty Images

The ring is apparently a £304,000 6-7 carat pink sapphire surrounded by a diamond halo of 3-4 carat diamonds.

We found out in 2018 that Lady Gaga was engaged to her talent agent, 48-year-old Christian, and in an immense show of dedication, he had her face tattooed on to his arm.

Read next Lady Gaga's entire Haus laboratories beauty line is available on Amazon right now Lady Gaga Lady Gaga's entire Haus laboratories beauty line is available on Amazon right now Haus Laboratories is here. We talked to Lady Gaga about exactly what to expect and why it's time to put an end to the "giant social media beauty pageant competition."

Getty Images

The inking was spotted by fans on some of Christian's photos with his bride-to-be. After an account pointed out that it was not a regular tattoo and actually Gaga's face, the fandom went on to find the original photo he decided to have forever imprinted on his left bicep.

View this post on Instagram YATLOML A post shared by @ christiancarino on Oct 22, 2017 at 8:46pm PDT

The photo of a brunette Gaga in piggy-tails was from a 2011 photoshoot for V Magazine Asia.

Lady Gaga’s new boyfriend Christian has a tattoo of her on his arm. pic.twitter.com/ZjGNZCC4Bi — Gaga Daily (@gagadaily) November 17, 2017

Read next Lady Gaga reveals makeup helped save her when she was at her 'lowest' Lady Gaga Lady Gaga reveals makeup helped save her when she was at her 'lowest' The singer wants people to feel “completely liberated” by her new makeup line.

Knowing Gaga's love for tattoos we wouldn't be surprised if she got one of Christian's face too.

The viral photos of the inking surfaced on the internet a couple weeks after it was reported that Gaga secretly got engaged in the summer. It was also reported that Carino asked Gaga's father for permission before he popped the question. He sounds like a true romantic fella.

If the dates ring true, the engagement would have been just one year after Gaga split from her ex-fiance, Taylor Kinney, back in July 2016.

Advertisement

Gaga and Carino were first spotted together at the Grammys afterparty and were also seen getting close before the Super Bowl and at a Kings of Leon concert.

We're sad to hear the news and we hope they stay on amicable terms.

REX Features

Scroll down to celebrate Lady Gaga's most weird and wonderful style moments...

