www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2017/10/02/las-vegas-shooting-celebrities-react-to-massacre-at-jason-aldean-concert.html



Las Vegas shooting: Celebrities react to massacre at Jason Aldean concert

A gunman opened fire as singer Jason Aldean performed on stage at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival in Las Vegas late Sunday night.

The suspect, identified as 64-year-old Stephen Paddock, died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. He had apparently opened fire at concertgoers from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino as police stormed the room.

PHOTOS CAPTURE CARNAGE AFTER GUNMAN FIRES ON COUNTRY CONCERT

The shooting, which left at least 58 dead and 515 injured is described as the deadliest in modern history in the United States.

Las Vegas McCarran International Airport also temporarily halted flights in the wake of the gunfire.

Here's how Jason Aldean and others in entertainment reacted to the mass shooting:

Aldean called the night “beyond horrific.” He said, “It hurts my heart that this would happen to anyone who was just coming out to enjoy what should have been a fun night."

"Flip or Flop" star Tarek El Moussa left the country concert shortly before the shooting began. He shared his thoughts in an Instagram story early Monday morning.

"So I just left the Route 91 country concert in Las Vegas. I'm safe but there was an active shooting. Many people [were] shot and killed and [I'm] just really, really sad," El Moussa shared. "So kind of bummed right now. Sucks that things like this happen. Have a good night."

Mariah Carey said she was "horrified" at the news of the shooting.

Singer Trey Songz said, “To be in Vegas while this is happening, brings a pain to my heart.”

Singer Ne-Yo said, "Hearing crazy news coming out of my hometown... Las Vegas, please, stay safe."

Teller, of the magician duo Penn & Teller, tweeted, “A dreadful shooting incident took place tonight in Vegas. All of us with the P&T show are healthy and unharmed.”

Kendra Wilkinson, TV personalist and former "The Girls Next Door" star, tweeted, "No words, just absolutely sick to my stomach."

Music group Imagine Dragons said they were "devastated for Las Vegas."

Socialite Paris Hilton tweeted, "I can't believe what just happened in Las Vegas! What is our world coming to?!"



"Orange is the New Black" actress Ruby Rose said, "It is horrific just to see the videos."

Actress and singer Christina Milian tweeted, "Can't believe my eyes. My prayers are with everyone in Vegas."

Comedian Dane Cook posted "this situation in Vegas is horrific."

Rock band Nickelback said, "Our hearts are broken."

DJ Dillon Francis said the events in Las Vegas left him "speechless."

Dutch DJ and record producer Armin van Buuren‏ said he was "totally in shock" about the shooting.

British TV presenter and fitness coach Joe Wicks said, “I am in Las Vegas tonight and am safe in my hotel room now. Thoughts to the victims.”

Television personality Khloe Kardashian said she "can't believe" the news of the shooting.

British actor and comedian Russell Brand said he cancelled a "Today" show appearance because of the "awful events in Las Vegas."

Mark Cuban, businessman and owner of the Dallas Mavericks, offered his prayers to those affected by the shooting.

Fashion model Gigi Hadid said she feels as though “every day is more shocking and sad” and said her “heart is broken.”

Businesswoman and television personality Adrienne Maloof asked her Twitter followers to pray for the victims of the attack.

Actor Neil Patrick Harris said he cannot “wrap my head around the atrocity” of the tragedy in Las Vegas.

Model Karlie Kloss said she was heartbroken over the tragedy.

Singer Nick Jonas said he was “devastated” to wake up to the news about the massacre.

“Scandal” star Kerry Washington tweeted that her “heart aches” for Las Vegas.

Denver Broncos linebacker Brandon Marshall urged those on the Las Vegas strip to “please stay safe” early Monday morning.

Apple CEO Tim Cook expressed his thoughts for the victims and their families in a tweet.

Celebrity chef Paula Deen said she woke up Monday morning heartbroken to the news of the Las Vegas attack.

Illusionist David Copperfield said on Twitter Monday that he could hear gunshots from his stage in Las Vegas Sunday night and “kept [his] audience on lockdown for hours.” He encouraged the community to “support each other and bring back love.”

Singer Taylor Swift posted, "There are no words to express the helplessness and sorrow my broken heart feels for the victims in Vegas and their families."

Lady Gaga called the events in Las Vegas "terrorism plain and simple," and asked Democrats and Republicans to unite on gun control.

Ariana Grande called for more gun control in the wake of the shooting. Grande was performing in Manchester, England, in May when a terrorist set off a bomb, killing 22 people.

Singer Demi Lovato expressed her sympathies and said, "Music is a place to find refuge not fear."

