www.complex.com/music/2017/07/kim-kardashian-upset-over-jay-z-kanye-west-444-diss

Joshua Espinoza

Kim Kardashian Is Reportedly Upset That Jay Z Dissed Kanye West on '4:44'

Contrary to early reports, Jay Z’s new 4:44 album did not include a Kim Kardashian diss; however, it did feature several subliminal shots fired at Kim’s husband, Kanye West. Just look at the lyrics in the project’s opener, “Kill Jay Z”:

I know people backstab you, I felt that too/But this 'fuck everybody attitude' ain’t natural/But you ain’t the same, this ain’t Kumba ‘Ye/But you got hurt because you did cool by 'Ye​/You give him $20 million without blinking/He gave you 20 minutes on stage, fuck what was he thinking?/'Fuck wrong with everybody?’ is what you saying/But if everyone is crazy, you’re the one that’s insane

Though Hov didn’t drop names, many people believe the harsh lines are referencing his former friend Kanye. But is Kim convinced Ye is the target?

According to Hollywood Life, sources claim the 36-year-old reality TV star is upset about Jay’s lyrics and believes it was an insensitive move.

“She gets very protective of her husband, like a mama bear […] She thinks it was a low blow to diss Kanye and throw around words like ‘insane’ after all he’s been through,” a source told the news site. “Kanye had a real difficult time last year and is still coming out of it, so to hit him like that wasn‘t cool.”

It’s no secret the Kardashian-West family endured a difficult 2016. After Kim was robbed at gunpoint last October in Paris, Kanye was committed to the UCLA Medical Center for psychological evaluation. The hospitalization shortly after Kanye delivered a series of bizarre rants delivered during his Saint Pablo Tour. One of those rants took aim at Jay and Beyoncé.

POST CONTINUES BELOW

“Kim would like nothing more than to drop the whole feud and move on with their lives,” the source told Hollywood Life. “She likes Bey and Jay and would love to be friends—but it has to be a two-way street. If they aren’t interested then so be it.”

