hollywoodlife.com/2014/10/08/kendall-jenner-diet-scary-dangerous-tea-veggies/

Hl Intern

Kendall Jenner On Scary Diet Of Laxative Tea & Veggies – Report

Yikes! Kendall Jenner is on a dangerous diet where she drinks 12 cups of detox tea a day and only nibbles on raw veggies, according to a new report. We know Kendall wants to fit into the modeling world, but this is going way too far.

We love Kendall Jenner, 18, and understand why she’s trying to be taken seriously as a model. But the new, super-restrictive diet the young Kardashian-star-turned-supermodel is reportedly on seems totally unhealthy. Do you think Kendall’s on a secret diet?

Kendall Jenner Diet: Is She Surviving On A Scary Mix Of Laxative Tea & Veggies?

Kendall’s modeling career is on fire! At just 18 years old, she has already walked some of the most prestigious catwalks in the world. We think it’s awesome that Kendall wants to make a name for herself outside of the Kardashian family, but she certainly does not need to lose weight to do that! According to a shocking report, Kendall’s trying to slim down.

“She wants desperately to be taken seriously as a model,” an insider tells Life & Style. “And if it means starving herself, she’ll do it.”

The insider also claimed that Kendall has become “more controlling food” and is “barely eating.” The source continued that, “During a recent family dinner, Kendall ordered just a bunch of raw veggies and nibbled on them.”

If this is true, it makes us so sad. Kendall is a gorgeous young woman, and we hope her modeling career hasn’t led her into any unhealthy habits. This report also claims the detox tea Kendall is drinking has caused dehydration and other side effects.

Luckily, Kendall’s half-brother Brody Jenner set the record straight to Life & Style. “Kendall’s got a good head on her shoulders. I’m not worried at all. She’s doing great,” he spilled. Kendall has been bullied by other models, but we hope she keeps her confidence and healthy lifestyle.

Kendall Jenner: Will The Reality Star Become A Victoria’s Secret Angel?

With the rate Kendall’s modeling career has been going, it wouldn’t be a surprise to see her walk among Heidi Klum and Naomi Campbell as a Victoria’s Secret Angel.

In Touch claims that the executives for Victoria’s Secret would “love to lock a contract with her.” So exciting!

What do YOU think, HollywoodLifers? Do you believe this report about Kendall’s diet? Sound off below!

— Julianne Ishler

More Kendall Jenner News:

