www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-357949/Jen-pours-heart-Brad-Angelina.html



Jen pours her heart out over Brad and Angelina

Jennifer Aniston has confessed she still loves Brad Pitt and was 'shocked' and 'hurt' to see pictures of him with new love Angelina Jolie.

"Am I lonely? Yes," she told Vanity Fair magazine. "Am I upset? Yes. Am I confused? Yes. Do I have my days when I've thrown a little pity party for myself? Absolutely. But I'm also doing really well."

The 36-year-old talks openly about her pain over the split for the first time and shed tears when confronted with the possibility that Pitt and his Mr and Mrs Smith co-star might start their own family.

"I'd be a robot if I said I didn't feel moments of anger, of hurt, of embarrassment," she said.

Aniston freely admits that when pictures surfaced of the couple on holiday together with Jolie's young son, Maddox, it was "not one of the highlights" of her year.

But she added: "You joke and say, 'What doesn't kill you makes you stronger'."

It only got worse when the two posed as man and wife for a magazine spread, a decision Aniston described as 'odd timing'.

"There's a sensitivity chip that's missing (from Pitt)," she said. "But it's not my life. He makes his choices. He can do - whatever. We're (soon to be) divorced and you can see why."

'Lonely and confused'

Although the estranged pair no longer talk, Aniston said she had chosen to believe Pitt, 41, when he said he did not sleep with Jolie before their marriage fell apart in January.

"I just don't know what happened," she said. "There's a lot I don't understand, a lot I don't know, and probably never will know, really.

"I choose to believe my husband. At this point, I wouldn't be surprised by anything, but I would much rather choose to believe him."

Her best friend and Friends co-star, Courteney Cox, joined in to reveal that although there was no affair, "there was a connection" between Jolie and Pitt, "and he was honest about that with Jen."

Aniston said the rumours that the couple had split because she did not want children had made her fume.

"I've never in my life said I didn't want to have children," she raged. "I did, and I do, and I will!"

Despite her pain, Aniston cannot switch off her feelings.

"I love Brad," she told the September edition of the magazine. "I will love him for the rest of my life. I really do hope that someday we can be friends again."

