celebrityinsider.org/gwen-stefani-calls-off-her-wedding-to-blake-shelton-the-voices-chloe-kohanski-to-blame-104183/

Suzy Kerr

Gwen Stefani Calls Off Her Wedding To Blake Shelton, ‘The Voice’s’ Chloe Kohanski To Blame?

A new report claims that Gwen Stefani has called off her wedding to Blake Shelton after months of planning the June ceremony. The mother-of-three began to panic about Shelton’s possible infidelity, and it resulted in a huge fight, with Stefani ultimately deciding the two shouldn’t tie the knot. Could there be any truth to the story?

Life & Style is claiming that Stefani was not happy with how close Shelton had become with Chloe Kohanski, his 24-year-old team member on The Voice. Their student-teacher relationship unnerved the No Doubt singer, and after Kohanski won the show, Stefani decided to confront Shelton – and that’s when the fight and wedding cancellation happened.

It makes sense that Stefani would be insecure about cheating since her 13-year marriage to Gavin Rossdale ended when he had an affair with their nanny. It seems unlikely that Shelton would cheat, but just the thoughts of infidelity are enough for Stefani to call off their planned nuptials.

Sources claim the couple is still together and they will get married someday, but right now the couple is working on their issues. The last thing either of them wants is another divorce.

Stefani and Shelton met on the set of the NBC reality singing competition and began dating in 2015 after Stefani divorced Rossdale and Shelton ended his marriage to Miranda Lambert.

But, could any of this actually be true? Or, is it just another false story from a tabloid? According to Gossip Cop, it’s the latter.

The rumor-busting website says that Stefani and Shelton are not at war over Kohanski, and Stefani’s rep told them that reports of a wedding being called off are simply untrue. The couple isn’t anywhere near a split, and their relationship is not “on the rocks.”

The truth about Stefani and Shelton is that they are happy and spent time together over the holidays having an outdoor adventure with her three sons, Kingston, Zuma, and Apollo.

#merrychristmas ❤️?❤️??gx A post shared by Gwen Stefani (@gwenstefani) on Dec 25, 2017 at 10:34am PST

US Weekly reports that just before the new year, Stefani documented their Oklahoma outings via multiple Instagram stories. Shelton and the boys all rocked camouflage clothes, and in one clip, the kids are roasting marshmallows and tossing wood on the fire.

Back indoors, they continued their holiday festivities by goofing off in pajamas in front of the Christmas tree.

Advertisement

Gwen Stefani told Ryan Seacrest in an interview in early December, that since she had the kids this Christmas, she and Blake Shelton were going to split their time between Oklahoma and Los Angeles.

