radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/06/angelina-jolie-brad-pitt-custody-fight-explodes/

Radar Staff, June

Angelina Jolie Custody Fight With Brad Pitt Explodes

Stressed Angelina ‘Melting Down’ After Custody War With Brad Explodes! Jolie barely eating or sleeping after judge grants Pitt more time with their kids.

Angelina Jolie is melting down, and RadarOnline.com has learned her increasingly bitter divorce and custody battle with Brad Pitt is to blame!

“Brad’s in a far stronger position now he’s scored a greater share of custody, and she’s not handling it well at all,” an insider told Radar.

“The stress is all consuming and she’s been skipping meals and losing a lot of sleep.”

As Radar reported, Jolie, 43, was dealt a devastating blow recently when a judge in Los Angeles granted Pitt, 54, more time with his younger children — Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 12, and twins Knox and Vivienne, 9.

A spokesperson for Jolie blasted the information about the decision leaking.

“From the start, Angelina has been focused only on [the kids’] health and needs, which is why it was so important that this last court hearing be conducted privately,” read a statement released on behalf of the actress. “It’s deplorable that someone, for their own selfish reasons, leaked selective portions of the confidential and sealed court record to create an inaccurate and unfair picture of what is really happening.”

Still, “She knew this day would come eventually, but she got so used to the way things were and hoped Brad would abide by her terms instead of pushing for a greater custody share so aggressively,” the insider said, adding, “Ultimately, Angie can’t deprive Brad of seeing the kids.”

Pitt is now spending time in England so he can be near his kids while Jolie films Maleficent 2 in the country.

“The movie is a hugely important project for her but she’s finding it hard to focus,” said the source.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

