www.sbnation.com/tennis/2017/7/15/15975050/venus-williams-garbine-muguruza-2017-time-tv-schedule-watch-online-wimbledon-womens-final

James Brady, Jul

Venus Williams vs. Garbine Muguruza, Wimbledon 2017: Time, TV schedule and live stream for women's final

Venus Williams and Garbine Muguruza have beaten some impressive competition and played some incredible tennis thus far, but only one can lift the trophy at The Championships, Wimbledon on Saturday.

Their first match against one another on grass courts is for the most prestigious title you can earn on the surface, The Venus Rosewater Dish.

Saturday’s match will be broadcast by ESPN in the United States, beginning at 9 a.m. ET. ABC will have encore coverage of the match beginning at 3 p.m. Online streaming of the singles final will be available via WatchESPN and via the ESPN App on smartphones and other devices.

For Williams, playing in the Wimbledon final is nothing new. She has won the title five times, last doing so in 2008. That was also the last time she won a Grand Slam, though she came close earlier this year when she played in the Australian Open finals.

Muguruza has also won a Grand Slam title, but just one — taking home the win on the clay of Roland Garros, the French Open. Clay is her better surface, and she beat Williams on said surface in Rome earlier this year. That win was Muguruza’s only victory over Williams, however.

Prior to that, Williams had beaten Muguruza three consecutive times, all on the hard court surface. They have never played each other in a Grand Slam. Muguruza’s win earlier in 2017 was a three-set win, 6-2, 3-6, 6-2. Williams’ 2015 win over Muguruza was cut short when Muguruza had to retire in the second set.

Muguruza took down top seed Angelique Kerber in the fourth round, seventh seed Svetlana Kuznetsova in the quarterfinals and the unseeded Magdalena Rybarikova in the semifinals. Williams bested 27th seed Ana Konjuh in the fourth round, 13th seed and French Open winner Jelena Ostapenko in the quarterfinals and sixth seed Johanna Konta in the semifinals.

The men’s doubles final will be on Centre Court after Muguruza or Williams earns the title. That match sees the fourth-seeded pairing of Lukasz Kubot and Marcelo Melo against the 16th-seeded Oliver Marach and Mate Pavic.

The women’s doubles final is after that, featuring the second-seeded pairing of Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina taking on the ninth-seeded Hao-Ching Chan and Monica Niculescu.

Below is all you need to know to watch Saturday’s action from The Championships, on television and online.

How to watch Wimbledon

Date: Saturday, July 15

Location: The All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, London, England

Time: 9 a.m. ET

TV: ESPN

Online Streaming: WatchESPN, ESPN app

Women’s Final

No. 10 Venus Williams vs. No. 14 Garbine Muguruza

