pagesix.com/2016/05/23/could-kanye-west-be-even-crazier-than-we-think/

May

Kanye West’s ex-bodyguard reveals his crazy demands

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Kanye West is a megalomaniac who refuses to push his own elevator buttons, behaves like a “toddler” and demands that staff not speak in his presence, according to the rapper’s former bodyguard.

The ex-NYPD cop described how he witnessed the rap superstar lord over his underlings, before he finally got fired for introducing himself to West’s wife, Kim Kardashian, The Sun reported.

“I had to look after his toddler daughter once and it was so much easier than baby-sitting the father,” said bodyguard to the stars Steve Stanulis, whose past clients include Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire.

“I’ve been employed by a lot of high-end people but I’ve never worked for someone like him. He’s 10 times worse than what you see.”

Stanulis, 42, who only worked for West for two weeks, recalled a career’s worth of West’s diva antics.

“I was told, ‘Don’t expect to last long. He goes through a lot of guys and some don’t even last the first hour’.”

On his very first day, Stanulis got a taste of West’s pampered antics.

“We headed to his music studio. When we got into the elevator Kanye just stood there with his arms folded and said, ‘Aren’t you going to press the button?’”

Stanulis explained he didn’t know which floor.

“[Kanye] flipped out, squealing that his time was precious and that he couldn’t believe I hadn’t called ahead to find out which floor he worked on.”

“I was amazed by the amount of bizarre behavior I saw in just two weeks,” said Stanulis. “It is his world and everyone just exists within it. I don’t know how Kim [Kardashian] stays married to him.”

Almost anything could set the erratic rapper off.

“He got annoyed because I ‘got in his shot’ once when the paparazzi were taking pictures,” Stanulis said.

Stanulis also recalled being sent out to retrieve West after “The Life of Pablo” MC stormed out of his music studio in a rage.

The bodyguard used his personal car — and West balked at having to maneuver past the childrens’ car seats in the rear of the vehicle.

“I told him he could get in or keep on walking — and after a sulk he climbed in the front.”

West also ordered Stanulis to never speak to his wife, after spotting the guard introducing himself to her in New York. He fired Stanulis on the night of the Met Gala, earlier this month, when he saw Stanulis standing in a hallway with Kardashian.

“He is the most condescending person I have ever met,” Stanulis said.

