www.ajc.com/sports/fans-react-tiger-woods-arrested-for-dui/Bl8TDW5KLpjQwpgid7YXIL/



Fans react:Tiger Woods’ arrested for DUI

Professional golfer Tiger Woods was arrested for DUI early Monday morning after being pulled over in Jupiter, Fla. for improper stopping, standing or parking in an illegal place, according to Palm Beach County court records.

When pulled over, Woods was “extremely slow,” slurred his words and changed his story several times, according to the court records.

Woods released a statement on Sunday night writing that alcohol was not involved. The court documents from Woods’ arrest state Woods told officers at the scene that he was on several medications.

"I don't know if we ever had a greater athlete fall so, so far from glory." — @ShannonSharpe on Tiger Woods' DUI arrest pic.twitter.com/kEtZpifZlP — UNDISPUTED (@undisputed) May 29, 2017

“I understand the severity of what I did, and I take full responsibility for my actions,” Woods said, according to USA Today. “I want the public to know that alcohol was not involved. What happened was an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications. I didn’t realize the mix of medications had affected me so strongly.”

Woods recently had back surgery in April 2017.

Here’s what fans and other professional athletes had to say about Woods’ arrest:

Police report for Tiger Woods: pic.twitter.com/W6shHFpl3A — Jason Sobel (@JasonSobelESPN) May 30, 2017

Hey @TigerWoods.. welcome to the terrible Mugshot club my brother — Pat McAfee (@PatMcAfeeShow) May 29, 2017

Some copy editor has been waiting patiently their whole career for this exact Tiger Woods moment, so they could write this headline... pic.twitter.com/U1rAtYPswz — Name cannot be blank (@Burgerboxx) May 30, 2017

Can't help feel sorry for tiger woods, man's completely lost it the past few years — Neil Harley (@neilgpharley) May 30, 2017

I don't get the @TigerWoods media hype. Dude made a really stupid mistake. Be thankful nobody was hurt and move on. 🐸☕️ #biggerissues — Michelle Herschend (@LillianAbbey_) May 30, 2017

Tiger Woods: "Alcohol was not involved in my DUI".



I think he fundamentally misunderstands the charge. — Will (@RealWSchuster) May 30, 2017

People are acting like Tiger Woods killed five people. — Queen Elizabeth (@yerawizardlizzy) May 30, 2017

Tiger Woods will never be same — McCoy (@McCoy_Vintage) May 30, 2017

Tiger Woods always picks his bad public moments on long holiday weekends it seems. — Robert Jackson (@Robert859) May 30, 2017

Is this really how you want to be remembered @TigerWoods ? Constantly ruining ur legacy. How many ppl need 2 die 4 others to not drive drunk — Filip Zivkov 💭 (@filipzivkov) May 30, 2017

Attn media people: stop saying you feel bad for Tiger Woods. Dude made a choice that could've killed someone. — Chelsea (@chelseasuebird) May 30, 2017

VERY classy response from Tiger Woods. Glad they could clear that up. — Darien McDaniel II (@DarienMcDaniel) May 30, 2017

Support real journalism. Support local journalism. Subscribe to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution today. See offers.

Your subscription to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution funds in-depth reporting and investigations that keep you informed. Thank you for supporting real journalism.

