www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4155186/Is-Kim-Kardashian-s-stolen-jewellery-funding-terrorism.html

Jennifer Newton For Mailonline

Is Kim Kardashian's stolen jewellery funding terrorism?

Jewellery stolen from Kim Kardashian after she was held at gunpoint during a raid in Paris could be funding terrorism, a new report has claimed.

The world's highest paid reality star was targeted at her exclusive apartment in the French capital during fashion week in October.

Thieves made off with her 20-carat Lorraine Schwartz engagement ring worth £3.5million and a case of jewellery with a value of £5.24million.

Jewellery stolen from Kim Kardashian after she was held at gunpoint during a raid in Paris could be funding terrorism, a new report has claimed

The reality TV star was targeted at her apartment in Paris and armed thieves made off with her 20-carat Lorraine Schwartz engagement ring worth £3.5million, pictured

Her hands and feet were bound with cable ties during the robbery and she is believed to have been dumped in her marble bath tub during the terrifying heist.

Nine men and a woman have since been arrest and charged with armed robbery, and are believed to be providing details of what happened to the jewels to police.

But now US gossip website RadarOnline has claimed that the missing jewellery has been linked to Islamic jihadists.

An unnamed source, who is described as a European official monitoring funding of terror groups, told the site the stolen items have been tracked to black market dealers in Belgium.

Nine men and a woman have since been caught and charged with armed robbery, and they are providing details of what happened to the jewels to police

He explained: 'There’s reason to believe the jewelry stolen from Kim Kardashian is going directly into the coffers of terror groups.'

However, fellow US gossip website Gossip Cop claims that sources close to the wife of rapper Kanye West say the allegations about terrorism are 'nuts'.

Kim's hands and feet were bound with cable ties during the robbery and she is believed to have been dumped in her marble bath tub during the terrifying heist in October

Their source said the 36-year-old has 'no knowledge' of her jewellery being linked to terrorism.

It comes after police sources in France, who are investigating the terrifying raid, admitted the cache of jewels stolen from Kim has almost certainly been melted down or re-cut and sold off.

An enquiry source told the BFM TV channel that Ms Kardashian ‘is unlikely to get them back’.

Jerome Guillochon, president of a French jewellers federation, told the news outlet: ‘They separate the stone from the metal.

‘On one had, they will melt the metal, and on the other, they will usually cut the stones completely, in order to remove all markings or modify the shape.

‘Because if there is a typical shape in exceptional jewellery, if there is a ring in the shape of a cushion, they can perhaps cut it in circles.’

Ms Kardashian’s ring had the name of the sports company Adidas carved into it, and was easily recognisable.

Mr Guillochon said technical equipment including lasers would have been used to alter the jewellery, and then it could have fetched millions on the black market.

