www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2016/12/princess-diana-charles-the-crown-netflix-marriage

Condé Nast, Julie Mille

Netflix’s The Crown Is Already Plotting Diana-Charles Drama

Ever since The Crown bowed on Netflix, fans have been wondering how long it will take the sumptuous period drama to reach the ill-fated marriage of Prince Charles and Diana. Because the show’s first season, which starred Claire Foy as Queen Elizabeth II, spanned 1947 and 1955, viewers worried that it would take at least three or four more seasons until the drama catches up to Charles and Diana’s 1977 meeting, 1981 wedding, and subsequent marriage. But series creator and writer Peter Morgan has revealed that The Crown will tackle the monarchy-marriage drama sooner than expected.

Princess Diana will be introduced toward the end of Season 3, Morgan confirms in a new interview with People, with Seasons 4 and 5 “heavily” focused on her as one of the main characters. To facilitate the time jump, the series will recast the major roles with older actors who can better portray Elizabeth, Philip, Charles, etc. as they age.

It will be interesting to see how The Crown, which is very much Team Monarchy, approaches the relationship, which began somewhat informally in 1977 when Charles and Diana met through her sister, whom Charles was dating at the time. When Diana became a princess, the world largely sympathized with her—a deft manipulator of her public image—as opposed to her less-photogenic and less P.R.-savvy husband. But Morgan will likely offer a new, Charles-sympathetic perspective to the royal marriage. In The Queen, for example, Morgan depicted Charles as a responsible and caring father frustrated by the old-fashioned, out-of-touch constraints dictated by the monarchy. And he depicted Diana, at least through Queen Elizabeth’s eyes, as a drama-stirring, attention-hogging, trouble-making headache to the family.

Before getting to Diana, though, Morgan and Co. are busily filming the show’s second season, which will debut in late 2017 and, according to People, “feature a greater emphasis on the life of Elizabeth’s husband Prince Philip and introduce a greater role for her oldest son and direct heir, Prince Charles.”

“We start to focus on Charles as a young boy and his education, and on Philip and his backstory,” Morgan told the magazine. Executive producer Suzanne Mackie added, “We glance backward to Philip’s childhood and his upbringing, and how that might have impacted him as a man, a father and as Prince Consort—which is fascinating.”

