realityblurb.com/2018/07/27/report-rhonjs-teresa-giudice-getting-500k-to-film-spinoff-special-about-joes-deportation/



REPORT: Teresa Giudice Getting $500K to Film Joe Deportation Spinoff

Yes, the headline sounds extremely insane, but then again this is Teresa Giudice we’re talking about here!

According to a new report, the Real Housewives of New Jersey star is planning to cash in on her husband Joe Giudice’s deportation proceedings.

If you recall, it was reported weeks ago that a judge had ruled that Joe should be deported upon his release from prison, where he is currently serving a 41-month-prison sentence for bank and wire fraud. Well now, sources are telling Radar Online that Bravo has offered Teresa $500,000 to film a special about his deportation.

“Teresa was offered big bucks to film a special about Joe’s deportation and she agreed to do it,” an insider revealed. “Half a million dollars to share the story on camera.”

And this story is believable because this isn’t Teresa’s first rodeo when it comes to cashing in on her crimes legal drama!

“It is going to be like the other specials when she was in prison and will show how she and Joe and the girls are handling the scary prospect of Joe getting deported,” added the source.

IS TERESA BEGGING PRESIDENT TRUMP TO STOP JOE’S DEPORTATION?

Earlier this year, an Immigration official confirmed that “records show that an immigration judge ordered Mr. Giudice be removed from the United States on March 14, 2018.”

A source close to Teresa adds that she needs the Bravo money as Joe tries to appeal the deportation order.

“Teresa will do anything for the money. She never stops thinking about taking care of her girls and she agreed to this so that they would have money for college. She is a good mom and wants to provide for her children,” the source stated.

Joe will reportedly be turned over to ICE custody upon his March 2019 release, although it is likely he could be released earlier than March which would mean an earlier deportation back to Italy.

UPDATE – Teresa is denying this report. Her attorney, James Leonard, tells the Gossip Cop website that she has no current plans to do a spinoff show about Joe’s possible deportation.

Photo Credit: WENN Ltd/Alamy Stock Photo

