www.dailystar.co.uk/showbiz/678030/Lady-Gaga-plastic-surgery-new-face-lift-Botox-fillers-nose-job-before-after-pictures

Olivia Anne Cleary, Image, Getty

What has Lady Gaga done to her face? Plastic surgeon dishes dirt on shock transformation

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest Showbiz stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

The Joanne singer turned heads when she arrived at the Grammy Awards 2018 in a nude ambition gown.

** LADY GAGA 'NEW FACE' GRAMMYS 2018 TREND *

While her red carpet style was undoubtedly a hit, many fans were far too distracted by Lady Gaga's physical transformation to comment on her wardrobe choices.

Following her appearance at the event, held in New York City's Madison Square Gardens, the search term "Lady Gaga face lift" started trending on Google.

Taking to Twitter, viewers accused Gaga — real name Stefani Germanotta — of having had appearance-altering procedures.

(Image: Getty)

(Image: Getty)

(Image: Getty)

One fan said of the 31-year-old: "Oh no. She's started the plastic surgery crisis phase."

Another wrote: "Why did she get plastic surgery herself? Her face at the Grammys looks nothing like her face in 2009."

In agreement, a viewer remarked: "That doesn't even look like Gaga. What has she done to her face?"

Taking things a step further, one Twitter user made reference to the singer's empowering 2011 song which encouraged people to be comfortable in their own skin.

They wrote: "Gaga? What happened to 'You were Born this Way'? Love your face as normal.

(Image: Getty) (Image: Getty)

"Stop lift [sic] and Botox your face. You're very pretty without this bulls***."

In search of an expert opinion, Daily Star Online contacted plastic surgeon Dr Maurino Joffily of Harley Street, London.

After studying pictures of Gaga — dating from 2007 to the present day — the medical practitioner revealed what appearance-altering procedures he believes the singer has had done.

Talking exclusively to us, Dr Joffily revealed he spotted indications the award-winning performer has had a nose job.

He said: "The nose looks straighter and narrower, and the tip more defined."

(Image: Getty) (Image: Getty)

However, the London-based surgeon also suggested another explanation for the change in appearance of Gaga's nose.

The medical professional explained: "Even though her nose looks different, it might be a result of some fillers and Botox combined."

Commenting on the starlet's face, he added: "I suspect [use of] Botox as in many pictures her brows look higher.

"She might also have had fillers in her chin and cheeks."

In a 2013 interview with Sirius XM radio host Howard Stern, 64, Gaga denied having had any work done, but admitted to using facial injections.

(Image: Getty)

Getting candid on the New York-based show, she said: "I've never had any 'work work' done, but I went through a phase when I was smoking pot when I was really obsessed with getting facial injections...

"Before I shot the Applause video, [a photographer friend] was like, 'Gaga, I love you but if you don't stop injecting s*** in your face, I'm going to just kill you.'"

After studying recent pictures of the US musician, Dr Joffily noted further signs of appearance-altering procedures.

He told us: "Her lips are more prominent and fuller, indicating some fillers there as well."

Daily Star Online has contacted Lady Gaga's representative for comment.

