radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/06/angelina-jolie-mystery-man-new-boyfriend-british-millionaire/

Radar Staff, June

Angelina Getting Serious With British Mystery Man

In Love Again! Angelina Getting Serious With British Mystery Man Sources say Jolie's millionaire boyfriend has met her six kids.

There’s nothing like a cute British accent to chase away the custody battle blues! At least that may be Angelina Jolie’s thinking, according to insiders who reveal to RadarOnline.com exclusively the star has fallen head over heels for a mysterious millionaire on the other side of the pond.

“Angie is keeping her cards close to her chest, but she’s very happy,” a source dishes. “She doesn’t want his identity to be revealed until her divorce from Brad [Pitt] is official, so she’s playing coy whenever anyone asks about her love life. She doesn’t want a media circus around her man.”

Sources say that the polished Brit is a reputable art dealer and philanthropist, and that Angie, 43, met him through mutual friends. “She’s introduced him to the kids already, which is a sure sign that this is more than just a fling,” says the source.

“They will always be her priority and she wouldn’t take that step if she didn’t see this romance lasting.”

Angie and her brood are currently living in London — where Brad came to visit for Father’s Day, even as the custody battle rages on — while she films Maleficent 2.

Sources on set say the actress only refers to her new beau “by one initial,” and has asked the producers to arrange her schedule so that she can leave town on weekends. “Apparently, they’re having romantic weekends in the English countryside, away from prying eyes, whenever they get the chance,” shares the source.

“This split from Brad has been dragging on and Angie is looking forward to the day the ink dries on the divorce papers,” adds the insider. “Then she won’t have to hide her new beau anymore.”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

