www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/brad-pitt-angelina-jolie-reach-12289634

Emmeline Saunders, Image, Pa, Getty Images North America, Wenn.Com, Afp

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie reach custody settlement months after bitter divorce row

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have struck a deal in their divorce battle to share custody of their six children - months after increasingly bitter rows.

The Hollywood stars, who announced their split in the summer of 2016, have reached a decision that will help their kids come to terms with the break-up.

Despite Angelina initially requesting sole custody of them all, she's since decided to allow Brad to have access to the children and has been talking to him about the logistics of childcare while they work and travel around the world.

"The terms of the divorce are now agreed," a source told the Sun.

(Image: Getty Images North America)

"They are being finalised by both legal teams, but will be filed within weeks."

The insider went on: "It's a huge turnaround from where the marriage ended, especially given the claims Angelina made against Brad, but they are now on pretty good terms."

While it had been rumoured that the former married couple had called off their divorce, the source said that is not the case.

"The key thing is that they agree to custody sharing, with Brad having access and working with Angelina on logistic issues about work and travel," they added.

(Image: WENN.com)

(Image: AFP)

Meanwhile, as well as moving on from the final details of their divorce, both Brad and Ange are said to be back in the dating game.

A friend close to Angelina told Entertainment Tonight in March that she is “seeing someone” but added that it is “not serious”… yet.

"Brad and Angie are both very secretive about their dating life. Angie has told some friends she isn't ready to date, but she has been seeing a handsome, older-looking man who is a real estate agent," the source claims.

"He isn't a celebrity or high profile in any way… Angie was in a very bad place after [her] split [from Brad]. Just having another adult to spend time with has been helpful,” they continued.

(Image: Getty Images North America)

The source was keen to kill rumours that Brad and Ange will ever reunite, rubbishing speculation that they might yet work through their relationship failure.

Meanwhile, another friend has hinted Brad is now quietly looking for love once again.

"He's very private about who he’s seeing, but he does continue to casually date," the source said.

"The women he sees are not in the public eye,” they added.

