www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/5987191/sofia-richie-scott-disick-kourtney-kardashian-lookalike/

Kayleigh Giles

Sofia Richie looks the double of Kourtney Kardashian as she lunches with Scott Disick

IT would be fair to assume Scott Disick has a type as the star's girlfriend Sofia Richie looked near identical to his ex Kourtney Kardashian during a recent lunch date.

As the pair enjoyed a bite to eat at Los Angeles' Beverly Hills Hotel on Thursday, model Sofia, 19, appeared to be morphing into the Keeping Up With The Kardashians beauty.

4 Scott Disick and his girlfriend Sofia Richie have a cozy lunch at the Beverly Hills Hotel Credit: Coleman-Rayner 2018

With her brunette hair tied back into a sleek ponytail and her face sporting a nude make-up palette, she bore a striking resemblance to reality star Kourtney.

The daughter of Lionel Richie - who had blonde hair when she first started dating Scott, 34 - looked in her element as she dined with the father of three.

The pair were pictured laughing and chatting incessantly as they dined al fresco at the upscale restaurant.

Despite their 15-year age gap, the couple's relationship appears to be going from strength to strength.

4 Kourtney has three kids with Scott Credit: Instagram

Sofia was even pictured spending time with Scott and his three kids last month, following reports that Kourtney would not let the teen meet their children until she knew her relationship with Scott was the real deal.

But it seems even Kourtney has given their unlikely romance her seal of approval as Sofia bonded with her brood; Mason, eight, Penelope, five, and Reign, three.

Of course, Scott isn't the only one to have moved on with somebody younger, as Kourtney has found love with 24-year-old model Younes Bendjima.

And it seems Scott's relationship with Sofia is only set to flourish as the party boy has splashed out on a £2.3million pad.

4 The couple had lunch at a posh hotel in Los Angeles Credit: 2018 Coleman-Rayner

4 Scott split from Kourtney Kardashian in 2015 Credit: Instagram

The sprawling mansion boasts five bedrooms and a a huge back yard equipped with a huge swimming pool, a spa with fountains and waterfall.

Situated in Hidden Hills, a gated community in the heart of California close to Calabasas, the development is known to be home to a host of celebrities, including Scott's former in-laws Kris, Kylie, Kendall Jenner and Kim Kardashian.

Most Read In TV & Showbiz BRAVE FACE I'm A Celeb's Jac Jossa puts wedding ring back ON & says she's 'absolutely fine' Exclusive CASHING IN I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline will make £1m in a year months after huge tax bill THE ENDER LoU? EastEnders fans convinced Linda will kill Louise on Christmas Day QUEEN'S RULING Jac Jossa is first winner to EVER cancel live TV chats after threesome claim hitting back Natalie Nunn slams Chloe Ayling as she breaks silence on Dan Osborne threesome Exclusive BEN AND GONE ITV bosses considered replacing Phillip Schofield with GMB host Ben Shephard

Keeping Up With The Kardashians spoiler: Kourtney and Scott Disick row about ‘boundaries’ after she moves new boyfriend into her house

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 0207 782 4220

We pay for videos too Click here to upload yours.

