www.brides.com/story/selena-gomez-justin-bieber-fathers-wedding-jamaica

Andrea Park

Justin Bieber Was a Groomsmen at His Father's Wedding—and Of Course Selena Gomez Was His Plus-One

Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber are hearing wedding bells. Not their own, though—the musical duo reportedly traveled to Jamaica over the weekend to attend Bieber's dad Jeremy's wedding. And, of course, the "Love Yourself" singer scored himself a starring role in the nuptials as a groomsman!

According to People, the "Love Yourself" singer flew to Texas on Sunday to pick up Gomez before the pair made their way to the Caribbean. Another wedding guest shared a photo of Gomez in Jamaica on Monday; though the guest has since turned her account private, several enterprising fan accounts saved the photo, which shows Gomez posing with Dr. Rita Kilislian, Taylor Smith, and Destinee and Desiree Rebelo, the twin nieces of Jeremy's wife-to-be, Chelsey Rebelo.

Bieber Sr. also shared a few photos as he and Rebelo made their way to the tropical wedding. On Saturday, he posted a pic of himself, his fiancée, and a gaggle of family members in a van on their way to the airport, as well as another photo of him and Rebelo standing on the steps of a private jet. "Times. 🌞" he captioned the latter pic.

The beaming groom and his bride later shared photos from the wedding itself that featured Bieber up at the alfresco altar, rocking a groomsman look of a white collared polo shirt, pink shorts, and matching bow tie. “Yesterday was the most amazing day ever," Rebelo captioned the wedding photos on Instagram. "I married my best friend! I love you!” The groom also shared the snapshots, simply writing "Family," in the caption.

Though Bieber and Gomez celebrated Valentine's Day together in Los Angeles, the pair spent the weekend apart before reuniting in Jamaica. Gomez reportedly spent time in Dallas with her cousin Priscilla DeLeon, shopping for bridesmaid dresses for DeLeon's own upcoming nuptials, during which Gomez will serve as maid of honor. Meanwhile, Bieber stayed in L.A. to play for Team Lakers at the NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.

