www.econotimes.com/Jennifer-Aniston-Brad-Pitt-News-Updates-No-Rom-Com-Reunion-and-No-Engagement-Sorry-1410483



Jennifer Aniston, Brad Pitt 2018: No Rom-Com Reunion, No Engagement for Justin Theroux's and Angelina Jolie's Former Spouses

Hollywood is practically built on rumors and hearsays, so it’s no surprise that there have been reports of all kinds about the Jennifer Aniston, Brad Pitt situation. Numerous publications have been circulating details about how the pair will supposedly reunite on-screen with a romantic comedy project, for example. There have also been reports of the two getting married. As it turns out, neither of these is true.

Listing a variety of rumors and reports that it considers false, Gossip Cop has certainly gone out of its way to try and prove other publications wrong. The stated fictional declarations on that list include the supposed secret Jennifer Aniston, Brad Pitt marriage and that the pair is engaged once again.

Apparently, publications have been taking the smallest details to spin a narrative that was nowhere close to the truth. For example, a snapshot of the “Friends” actress wearing a ring for the movie she was shooting called “Murder Mystery” was mistaken for an engagement ring. This was quickly picked up and circulated all over the web, leading to a Jennifer Aniston, Brad Pitt rumor feeding frenzy.

There were also some reports about the former married couple tying the knot once more to celebrate what would have been their 18th wedding anniversary. As Jennifer Aniston, Brad Pitt rumors go, this one might just be one of the most misleading.

The part about the two actors being in a romantic-comedy has also been debunked recently by Gossip Cop, as well, which was reposted by MSN. Neither of the Jennifer Aniston, Brad Pitt parties had shown any indication that such a rumor was even close to being true. In fact, past discussions alluding to the same topic have been denied by spokespersons of the actors before.

For Jennifer Aniston, Brad Pitt news that does come with evidence, it would seem that the “Fight Club” actor likes to model his look after whoever he is currently dating. This tidbit was posted by Twitter user Sarah McGonagall after she spotted it on an old Daily Express article. At least this proposition actually has photographic proof.

