www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6007537/Keith-Urban-says-wife-Nicole-Kidman-spend-Christmas-Under.html

Caleb Taylor For Daily Mail Australia

Keith Urban and wife Nicole Kidman will spend Christmas in Australia

He's the New Zealand-born country music singer, who became a global superstar after relocating to Nashville.

But Keith Urban has revealed that he and his Oscar-winner wife Nicole Kidman will be coming back Down Under for Christmas.

Reported on The Daily Telegraph on Tuesday, the Grammy winner said he planned to be in Australia to spend the holidays with family ahead of his Graffiti U tour.

Scroll down to video

They'll be home for Christmas! Country music superstar Keith Urban, 50, has revealed that he and his Oscar-winner wife Nicole Kidman will be back in Australia for Christmas

'Hopefully we will come out for Christmas, hang around and then play some shows,' the 50-year-old said.

Keith said he had commitments on New Years Eve back in the US, but he would then fly to Australia for the Down Under leg of his tour.

'There is a caveat to that; I do have a New Year's Eve show in Nashville every year so many have to go back and do that before the Australian tour starts,' he said.

Land Down Under! The singer, his famous wife Nicole Kidman (above) and their two daughters Sunday Rose, 10, and Faith Margaret, 7, will travel to Australia for the holidays

The tour will start at the Newcastle Entertainment Centre on January 23, and will include two concerts in Sydney and Brisbane.

The singer will also perform one show in Canberra and one in Melbourne.

It comes after a preview was released for Keith's tell-all performance on Interview with Andrew Denton, which will air on Tuesday.

Touring again! The singer will bring his latest tour Graffiti U to Australia in January. The shows will kick-off in Newcastle with shows in Sydney, Brisbane, Canberra and Melbourne

In the preview, Keith praised his wife for staging a successful intervention for him in 2006 amid his substance abuse issues.

Soon after the couple married in 2006, Keith entered rehab for drugs and alcohol for the third and final time.

Obviously grateful to his wife for helping turn his life around, Keith says it was a palpable sign of love.

'My wife put an intervention together - it was love in action,' he confides to Denton.

Speaking to Rolling Stone magazine in 2016, Keith admitted that it was a 'miracle' that his marriage survived his addictions.

'I caused the implosion of my fresh marriage,' he said. 'It survived, but it's a miracle it did.'

'It was love in action': Keith Urban struggled to contain his emotions as he recalled how his beloved wife Nicole Kidman staged an intervention for him amid his substance abuse issues

He added: I was spiritually awoken with her. I use the expression: 'I was born into her,' and that's how I feel. And for the first time in my life, i could shake off the shackles of addiction.

Elsewhere in his Denton interview, Keith became emotional again while talking about his two children, Faith Margaret and Sunday Rose.

'You've got two little girls. How do you keep things normal for them?' Andrew asks.

With his voice cracking, Keith replied: ' When you've got to be dad.'

