meaww.com/miley-cyrus-and-liam-hemsworth-split-up-second-time

Ishani Ghose

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth split for a second time: Reports

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have been romantically linked since the year 2009 when they met while filming 'The Last Song.' The couple only confirmed their relationship in the year 2010 when they made their red carpet debut at an Oscar event. However, according to reports, the couple has split up for the second time, and we are really hoping that the reports are not true. The couple has been through so much together, and it would be unfortunate if these reports end up being true.

As reported by RadarOnline, an insider shared, "They’ve been hanging by a thread for months. Now they’re as good as broken up and there will be no wedding." It is also believed that the 'Hannah Montana' star left the couple's Malibu house without her engagement ring. "Miley’s been spending a lot more time at her parents’ house. She needs time to herself," the source continued.

The 'Wrecking Ball' singer had been under a lot of pressure lately because of the wedding planning work and is now beginning to rethink her commitment to the 'Hunger Games' actor. "She’s accomplished a lot in her life, but there’s still a lot she wants to do — and Miley doesn’t want to have to answer to anybody, least of all a husband," the insider went on to add.

On the 17th of June, Miley and Liam were photographed looking extremely miserable during a family gathering with Miley's parents for Father's Day. Recently, the couple was seen in the parking lot of the 'Nobu' restaurant, and it was evident that she was not wearing her ring. An onlooker shared, "Things were really tense between Miley and Liam. They looked like they wanted to be anywhere but with each other."

According to reports, Cyrus seems to have gotten cold feet and is dragging them for quit some time time, and Liam is supposedly very fed up with her endless days. "Liam’s over it. He wants kids and doesn’t want to keep putting it off. It’s ultimatum time for Liam and pals aren’t betting on Miley making the commitment he wants!" the source added.

The pair initially decided to get engaged in the year 2012 but chose to call it off in the year 2013. In September 2013, Miley's representative confirmed that the engagement had been called off. Liam was seen making out with Mexican actress and singer Eiza Gonzalez.

A post shared by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Mar 4, 2018 at 8:36pm PST

In the month of December that same year, Miley revealed what life after her relationship with Liam Hemsworth looked like and said, "This is the best time of my life. I'm not going to look back on it and be like, 'I wish I hadn't been dwelling over a breakup,' you know? Because that's not what God wants my life to be about right now." Around three years later, the pair chose to get back and Miley was seen sporting her engagement ring.

On an interview with Ellen DeGeneres, Miley revealed, "It's very weird because this is, like, real jewelry, and most of my jewelry is made out of gummy bears and cotton candy. They don't look that good together because they kind of mix up." Miley also went on to add, "Sometimes I replace it with an actual unicorn or a Looney Tune, and he's kind of like, "What's going on?" And I'm like, "This isn't really my aesthetic, but I'll wear it because you love me." Miley said that her wedding "has to be perfect" and "has to be like a soundtrack in a movie."

Around the time when the couple announced their engagement, Miley spoke to People and shared, "I'm so happy to be engaged and look forward to a life of happiness with Liam." During the year 2017, Miley told the Sun that she does not have plans to get married any time soon and shared, "I don't envision marriage. I'm 24. I hope I get to live a little bit more. I have too much living to do [before I get married]."

"Three years ago, if you’d asked me if I’d be here, this happy with this man, I’d have been stunned. I’m just riding this out. In some relationships, you lose yourself by being with someone else. Actually, it made me find myself more. I have no idea what the next three years will bring, but if it’s possible to get even happier, I’ll take it," Miley added.

During the same interview, she also spoke about her relationship with Liam after they decided to split up.

A post shared by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on May 7, 2018 at 5:05pm PDT

"I didn’t know [we’d get back together]. I’m so crazy I have no idea. But I had something in my heart, it never felt like it was really over. We kept a great friendship really private. It’s good for people to have that space to grow individually. Otherwise, when you’re with someone from 16 until 24, you grow into the same person," she revealed.

The couple attended the 'Thor: Ragnarok' premiere together to support Hemsworth's brother, Chris Hemsworth and the couple seemed like they were going strong and were in it for the long run. There were many rumors which stated that the couple had secretly decided to get married in April 2017 but Chris Hemsworth flatly denied the rumors during an interview with SiriusXM's Sway in the Morning in January of 2018.

