www.etonline.com/news/165879_amber_heard_calls_marriage_to_johnny_depp_not_a_dramatic_change

Jackie Willis

Amber Heard Talks for First Time About Marriage to Johnny Depp

Amber Heard is speaking out for the first time about what it's like being married to A-list actor Johnny Depp.



The couple tied the knot in two ceremonies this past February and a few months later, Heard has only good things to report about being a wife.



WATCH: Johnny Depp Admits That He's 'Weird'



"Nothing is a dramatic change. We've been together for a long time now, so it's been a fairly organic process," the actress tells ELLE magazine. "I have a fiercely independent spirit."

ELLE

That being said, the 29-year-old starlet has a very real fear of the price of fame, which is inevitable when you're Depp's wife and a gorgeous actress.



NEWS: Amber Heard Says She Can Go 'Trailer Park' Real Fast



"The thing that really scares me is the potential of losing my freedom. I never want for my life to lose the ability to transverse the world, with freedom and ease," she says. "The freedom and ease I have worked so hard to acquire for myself."

ELLE

Heard also confesses that she feels her looks sometimes hold her back, because she's put in a "Barbie box."



WATCH: Johnny Depp Wants '100 More Kids'



"I feel like I'm constantly fighting against my exterior, or this exterior presentation of myself because of how I look or perhaps because of who I'm with," she tells the women's magazine.

Heard goes on to speak out about the lack of diverse roles for women in film.

"I get a stack of scripts, like, once a month, and most of the time, you find these placeholder girls that are there to provide a bounce for the male character," she explains. "So we know he's funny because she's serious and she's mad at him. We know he's strong because she needs saving. So really her job is to validate this personality trait of our hero or male. I mean we're trying to imitate life, and it seems to me a deeply saddening injustice that we are so uncreative and uninterested in developing representations of female life."



NEWS: Amber Heard Talks Gender Reassignment Surgery -- It's Awesome



The actress' next big-screen role is in Magic Mike XXL, out July 1, in which she stars alongside Matt Bomer, Joe Manganiello and Channing Tatum. In the meantime, her ELLE magazine issue will be available on June 23.

Johnny Depp and Amber Heard Fight Split Rumors with Romantic Reunion Embed Code Restart

Related Gallery

