metro.co.uk/2018/05/17/justin-theroux-selena-gomez-falling-jen-aniston-split-takes-new-turn-7552963/

Mel Evans

Justin Theroux and Selena Gomez ‘falling for each other’ post-Jen Aniston split

Reports have surfaced in the Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston split that is just plain bizarre.

Apparently he’s now ‘fallen’ for Selena Gomez.

The Gomez has been mates with both Justin – who’s 21 years her senior – and Jen for years, but apparently things have gone into lover territory for Justin and the singer.

The two do share a manager, we should add, so it may be nothing more than a friendly friendship.

However, sources linked to the pair have gone and suggested the two have ‘totally fallen for each other’ and that Justin’s ex Jen ‘isn’t happy’.

These two have been pals, which isn’t awkward (Picture: Getty Images)

Life and Style has reported the source claimed Justin and Selena (wow, she likes Justins, eh?) have ‘known each other for years through their manager’ but only recently started ‘falling for each other’.

Much falling, very celebrity.

It comes after Justin and wife of two years Jen separated after spending the past seven years together as a couple.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Selena is back on the singles scene, too, reportedly, after her split from Justin Bieber after a few months of dating after reigniting their on/off relationship that has spanned many a year.

Jen and Justin split earlier this year (Picture: WireImage)

When it comes to her reported romance with Justin (Theroux), the source added: ‘Initially, they leaned on each other for emotional support after going through messy breakups.

‘They FaceTime and text late at night and have intimate conversation about where they’re going in life and their career goals.’

It’s an interesting matching, if it’s at all happening, as Jen and Selena are said to be friends, with the source saying Jen was ‘put out’ as Selena ‘always considered her a mentor’.

The source said: ‘Jen is not happy about it. She’d be horrified if she knew the extent of the relationship because she’d think of it as a complete betrayal on both their parts.’

Just for some posterity, shall we remind you all Selena once said this about Jennifer Aniston:

‘I always say that I worship Rachel McAdams as a movie actress but for comedy—the whole reason I started my show and mannerisms, they were after Jennifer Aniston,’ she told Just Jared in 2009.

‘It was so funny, they were playing clip reels of the work she’s done and I quoted the whole thing. Every single thing she’d say, I would say it. People were sitting there laughing at me and they’re like, “Wow, you’re obsessed.'”

Advertisement

Advertisement

Read into that what you will.

Ay ay ay, this is all more drama than that time Ross and Rachel were on a break.

Metro.co.uk contacted reps for comment.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Jennifer Aniston enjoys post-break up night out with Ellen DeGeneres and Courteney Cox

MORE: Great news, Jen! Friends star’s estranged husband Justin Theroux doesn’t believe in having ‘ex’ partners

