hollywoodlife.com/2010/11/03/gwen-stefani-miscarriage-gavin-rossdale-national-enquirer-adoption/

Hollywood Life Staff

Report: Gwen Stefani Suffered A Miscarriage Four Months Ago — Now She's Considering Adoption

Gwen Stefani’s dream of adding a baby girl to her family was shattered over the summer when she miscarried, the National Enquirer reports.

She already has two adorable boys, but Gwen Stefani has apparently been dreaming of adding another baby to her family. The National Enquirer is reporting that the 41-year-old was pregnant earlier this year, but suffered a miscarriage. “Because of her age, Gwen didn’t want to go public about her pregnancy until well into her second trimester,” a source tells the tabloid. “She was just about to make an official announcement when her worst nightmare happened — she miscarried.” The No Doubt singer, who has two sons Kingston, 4, and Zuma, 2, with husband Gavin Rossdale, was reportedly anxious to have a baby girl and “ecstatic” when she found out she was expecting. But the magazine reports that after suffering from the miscarriage, Gwen’s considering adoption.

Lily Allen suffers her second miscarriage

The pregnancy speculation began last spring when Gwen was overheard telling friends that she and Gavin, 45, were trying for a baby girl. Soon after, she was seen covering up an apparent baby bump rather than donning her usual belly-baring shirts! She was also spotted wearing Sea-Band wristbands, which are used by expectant moms for morning sickness relief. The Rossdales even began extensive renovations on their Beverly Hills, CA home — adding two more bedrooms!

Gwen takes her boys to the pumpkin patch!

But after her devastating miscarriage, the Enquirer reports that Gwen and Gavin have decided to give adoption a try. “Now Gwen and Gavin are focusing on their two boys, and they’re planning for the future,” says the insider. “Gwen says she’s definitely pursuing adoption.”

–Leigh Blickley

Get more HollyBaby news and gossip! Friend us on Facebook, Follow us on Twitter and Subscribe to our Newsletter!

