www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/03/kate-middleton-prince-william-ski-trip

Condé Nast, Katie Nichol

Kate Middleton Is “Less than Pleased” with Prince William’s Ski-Trip Behavior

One wouldn’t want to be in Prince William’s (dancing) shoes right now. Dubbed “throne idle” in the British press after skipping a Commonwealth Day service earlier this week in order to go skiing with friends, the 34-year-old royal is also understood to be in the dog house with his wife.

Kate is said by Royal Watch sources to be understandably “less than pleased” that her husband has been filmed partying with his friends and an unidentified woman. The new footage, which emerged Wednesday in several tabloids, shows Prince William singing and dancing with friends during a boys-only skiing trip. Shot at the popular Farinet nightclub in Verbier, the video also shows the prince putting his hand on the waist of a mystery woman

William was also filmed “dad dancing” at the club and enjoying himself on the slopes just hours before senior royals including the Queen, Prince Charles and Prince Harry attended Westminster Abbey for a Commonwealth Day service. The Queen considers the date one of the most important in the royal calendar and William’s decision not to attend was seen as significant and controversial. While the Duchess of Cambridge stayed at home with Prince George and Princess Charlotte, William, who is now back in the U.K, chose to have fun on the slopes instead of attending the service.

VIDEO: 12 Facts About Kate Middleton

“It was William’s choice to go away, but make no mistake Kate wears the trousers in their marriage, and she won’t be happy with William’s antics. She thought his partying days and larking around with the boys was a thing of the past. I imagine she’ll find this humiliating and William will have come in for a pasting,” says a source.

The couple will put on a united front when they travel to Paris for a state visit on Friday, but the ski trip has once again put the spotlight on William who has so far carried out just 13 days of royal engagements this year. The Queen, who has been in poor health, has clocked up 24 days of official duties.

Last February, the Cambridges posed on the slopes of Courchevel where they enjoyed their first family ski holiday with George and Charlotte. This year, in contrast, William opted to hit the slopes solo with a group of male friends who included Guy Pelly, James Meade, and Tom Van Straubenzee.

