www.newidea.com.au/jennifer-aniston-dodges-question-about-justin-theroux-during-interview-with-ellen-degeneres

Nadia S

Jennifer Aniston’s emotional interview after split from Justin

The 49-year-old actress even managed to crack a joke about her marriage to the Ellen when she surprised the TV host during her 60th birthday themed show on Friday.



Ellen had been discussing Jennifer's popularity with the ladies back in the 90s, saying: 'I think a lot of people had crushes on you so they were hoping you were.'



Jennifer replied: 'They did? How do you guys ever know? What are the clues?'



'Well they don't make it obvious like that. That would be creepy if you were like just looking somebody up and down,’ Ellen replied.



'I don't know how it works,' laughed Jen.



Ellen retorted: 'It's just I don't know, flirty or something. But I do think girls had crushes on you. Well it's too late now!'



'Yeah,' Jennifer responded, keeping quiet about the news of her split.



Jennifer and Justin, 46 issued a statement via their publicist yesterday confirming they had gone their separate ways late last year.



Getty

It read: 'In an effort to reduce any further speculation, we have decided to announce our separation.



'This decision was mutual and lovingly made at the end of last year. We are two best friends who have decided to part ways as a couple, but look forward to continuing our cherished friendship.



'Normally we would do this privately, but given that the gossip industry cannot resist an opportunity to speculate and invent, we wanted to convey the truth directly.



'Whatever else is printed about us that is not directly from us, is someone else's fictional narrative. Above all, we are determined to maintain the deep respect and love that we have for one another.'



The pair first met on the set Ben Stiller and Jack Black comedy Tropic Thunder in 2007.



They met once again on 2012’s Wanderlust and began dating shortly after, before tying the knot in a surprise ceremony at their LA home in August 2015.

