www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6112329/Drew-Barrymore-Timothy-Olyphant-enjoy-spot-downtime-filming-Santa-Clarita-Diet.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Drew Barrymore and Timothy Olyphant enjoy a spot of downtime while filming Santa Clarita Diet

They are making season three of their Netflix show Santa Clarita diet.

And Drew Barrymore and Timothy Olyphant were spotted enjoying a spot of downtime on the Los Angeles set of the show this Wednesday.

Drew, 43, had a smile on her face and a straw beverage in her hand as she chatted with a couple of people who appeared to be members of the crew.

Leisure: Drew Barrymore (right) and Timothy Olyphant (front left) were spotted enjoying a spot of downtime on the Los Angeles set of the show this Wednesday

The scion of the famous Barrymore acting dynasty let her wavy blonde hair down, slipping into some open-toed walnut brown sandals.

The ET actress zipped herself into a black sweater, rolling the sleeves slightly up her forearms, and she matched the top to a pair of jet black pants.

Meanwhile, the dashing Timothy wore dark brown boots and a stylish set of fitted jeans, rounding off the look with a blue checked shirt.

Aglow: Drew, 43, had a smile on her face and a straw beverage in her hand as she chatted with a couple of people who appeared to be members of the crew

The Honolulu-born 50-year-old's hair was teased up into an elegant do, and he left his top button undone, clasping on a thick watch.

Their Netflix show is a dark comedy in which Drew's character struggles to control her flesh-eating urges with the help of her husband, whom Timothy plays.

Canberra-born Liv Hewson, 22, features as Abby, the daughter of Drew and Timothy's respective characters Sheila and Joel Hammond.

Working together: Their Netflix show is a dark comedy in which Drew's character struggles to control her flesh-eating urges with the help of her husband, whom Timothy plays

Santa Clarita Diet sprang from the mind of Victor Fresco, who also created the short-lived ABC sitcom Better Off Ted and was a writer on Mad About You.

Timothy has been married since 1991 to Alexis Knief, with whom he shares three teenage children - daughters Grace and Vivian and son Henry.

Drew divorced her third and latest husband Will Kopelman in 2016, having previously been married to producer Jeremy Thomas and comedian Tom Green.

