hollywoodlife.com/2013/08/08/chris-brown-chose-karrueche-tran-over-rihanna-relationship/

Eric Ray, Contributing Reporter

Chris Brown: Why He Chose Karrueche Tran Over Rihanna

Chris has a deep bond with Rihanna, but he also has an undeniable connection with Karrueche. That spark makes her the girl he keeps coming back to. Want to know why he’s so infatuated with Karrueche? Find out all of the EXCLUSIVE details!

Karrueche Tran is the ultimate woman for Chris Brown! While the R&B star has a lifetime history with his ex Rihanna, he has a deep connection with Karrueche. He’s finally chosen her over Rihanna because she truly “understands him,” HollywoodLife.com can EXCLUSIVELY report.

Why Chris Brown Chose Karrueche Tran Over Rihanna Relationship For Now

“Chris is happy with her. She gets him. She really understand him,” says a source close to Chris. “She’s low-key the one. S–t is just easy and breezy [with Karrueche].

“She knows what he wants and what he expects and she’s cool with it. He always talks open to her, tells her exactly what is on his mind and how he feels about things. In the end, it always works out.”

Earlier this week, Chris, 24, tweeted a series of depressing messages on Twitter, saying he’s “lonely” and retiring from music after his X album drops. Our source says that in these dark times, Karrueche, 25, has been a bedrock of support.

“She holds him down and is always there no matter what.”

Chris Brown And Rihanna: Why They Can’t Be Together

As HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY reported, Chris and RiRi, 25, may be infatuated with each other, but despite their crazy love, the two can’t be together.

A source close to both stars told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY why it’s impossible for these lovebirds to make their romance work.

“They went through a lifetime together and they’re only in their 20s,” says the source. “They’ve had lots of ups and then a HUGE down. Sometimes Chris can’t even look at her because it reminds him of the s-–t he did years ago. Even though she forgave him, the world hasn’t. It still distracts him from his music and his life. It’s always in his face and it’s something he can’t shake.”

Now it’s your turn to sound off, HollywoodLifers: Do you think Chris and Karrueche will stand the test of time?

— Eric Ray



Click here for more Chris Brown news:

