www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3946954/Andy-Cohen-recalls-Jennifer-Aniston-John-Mayer-s-awkward-run-claims-Friends-star-t-stand-ex-seven-years-split.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in

It has been seven years since Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer called it quits.

But according to Andy Cohen, the iciness between the actress, 47, and the singer, 39, still hasn't thawed.

According to an excerpt from his new book Superficial, which was obtained by Radar Online, the pair had an extremely 'awkward' run-in earlier this year.

'Awkward': Andy Cohen has revealed that exes John Mayer and Jennifer Aniston had a run-in earlier this year. They are seen here in 2009 at the hotel where they bumped into each other

Andy revealed that he was meeting his close friend John for a drink at the popular Sunset Tower hotel in West Hollywood and found Jennifer sitting with her Friends co-stars Lisa Kudrow and Courteney Cox at the only other table there.

The 48-year-old said he 'began asking John when was the last time he saw Aniston, how awkward this was, and if there were ways I could make it more awkward'.

Andy added: 'We realized they had to walk by our table to leave and that would be a "moment." We wondered if it was more fun at our table or theirs.'

Snubbed: The Friends star (shown in September) apparently ignored the singer (pictured last month) when they were seated near each other at the Sunset Tower hotel

The Watch What Happens Live host suggested that John join him in going over to say hello, but that John made it very clear this would be a bad idea.

'He told me with a look that the Queen of Smartwater would not be having it,' he wrote.

According to Radar, Andy and John left first and the bitter exes didn't have to come face to face.

Juicy: Andy, who is close friends with John, recalled the encounter in his new book Superficial

John and Jennifer dated on and off for a year from 2008 to 2009.

The Your Body Is A Wonderland hit-maker described his feelings for Jennifer in 2010 during an interview with Playboy.

'We just have a regard for each other’s feelings that is pretty intense,' he said. 'It’s been a deep relationship, and it’s no longer taking place at all. Have you ever loved somebody, loved her completely, but had to end the relationship for life reasons?'

Not so amicable exes: John has discussed ending his relationship with Jen 'for life reasons' in the years following their split in 2009. They are pictured in 2008

He later told Rolling Stone: 'I've never really gotten over it. It was one of the worst times of my life.'

John has also dated the likes of Jessica Simpson and Taylor Swift, most recently ending a relationship with Katy Perry in 2015 after dating on and off for three years.

Meanwhile Jennifer has been in a relationship with Justin Theroux for five years, and they celebrated their first wedding anniversary in August.

