www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/gwen-stefani-blake-shelton-split-133031/photos/gwen-blake-4-235842

Life, Style Magazine

Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton Act for the Cameras Ahead of Split (EXCLUSIVE)

The magic has run out in Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton‘s relationship.

Amid reports that the couple split, a source tells Life & Style that the musical duo has been forced to put on a show while appearing on their hit NBC singing competition, The Voice.

MORE: Gwen Stefani Livid with Miranda Lambert, Wants Her to Stop Talking About Blake Shelton

“The Voice producers are pushing Gwen and Blake to act very affectionate and playful with each other,” the source reveals. “[They] really wanted an on-screen proposal.”

That won’t be happening, but Gwen’s still uncomfortable about the whole thing. “[She’s] feeling the pressure to play Blake’s loving girlfriend [on the show] while off-set, she’s miserable,” the source adds. It doesn’t help that the return of American Idol is looming large.

As Life & Style previously reported, things have been deteriorating between the two performers over the last couple of months. “Gwen and Blake began to argue more. Then she started to realize they’re just too different to spend the rest of their lives together,” a different insider shared. The country crooner was noticeably absent from her sons’ first Communion last month.

MORE: These Rare Gwen Stefani No-Makeup Pics Prove She’s Flawless!

Even Gwen’s ex-husband, Gavin Rossdale, is concerned how their breakup will affect his three boys with the blonde beauty. “[They’ve] gotten extremely close to Blake. Gavin worries that another breakup will cause a lot of emotional despair. So he wants to sit down with Gwen and Blake to discuss everything,” the insider added.

Given The Voice finale aired last night, fans could see the duo go their separate ways before summer even begins. “It’s only a matter of time before Gwen and Blake announce a split. At this point, they’re just going through the motions,” the insider admitted.

For more updates on your favorite celebrity couples, pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now. And scroll through the gallery below for photos of Gwake in happier times!

