www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2017/ryan-seacrest-relieved-kim-kardashian-to-fill-in-for-kelly-ripa-on-live/

Cdl Staff

Ryan Seacrest Relieved Kim Kardashian to Fill in For Kelly Ripa On Live!

Ryan Seacrest is breathing a huge sigh of relief. That’s because Kim Kardashian will be filling in for Kelly Ripa for an episode of Kelly and Ryan Live!. This will be Kim’s first time co-hosting with Ryan but her second time on the show. She previously co-hosted Live! with Kelly Ripa back in 2012.

Many viewers believe that there might be some behind-the-scenes friction between Ryan Seacrest and Kelly Ripa. That’s because Ryan might not be focusing on their television show. Even though he’s in New York City every weekday to tape his Live! episodes with Kelly, he’s also hosting his radio show in Los Angeles. If that weren’t enough, Ryan will also be forced to travel to Orlando every week to hot the new reboot of American Idol. With so many different projects, many fans feel that Ryan might be stretching himself too thin.

Sooner or later Ryan will be forced to drop one of his gigs. Of course, the last thing Kelly would want to see is him quit Live!. She already spent the last year looking for a suitable replacement for her ex co-host Michael Strahan and she doesn’t want to spend another year looking for someone to take Ryan’s place, too.

That’s not the only problem between Ryan and Kelly right now. Many observers also believe there’s also another issue that Kelly might have and that’s with Kim Kardashian. With Kim, fans either absolutely love her or they hate her. There’s no in between. And the last thing Kelly Ripa wants do is alienate her audience. Both Kelly and Ryan have had a hard time keeping audiences tuned in as it is.

The show’s ratings are nowhere near what it used to be before. And with Kim on the show, it might go one of two ways: either fans will tune in because they’ll want to see if Kim has what it takes to successfully host a show or they’ll tune out altogether. After all, everyone still remembers how Kim’s mother Kris Jenner tried to host her own daytime talk show herself. Her show, Kris, was canceled back in 2013 after one short month on the air.

So far Ryan Seacrest nor Kelly Ripa have made any comments about Kim Kardashian temporarily joining the show. In the meantime, don’t forget to check back with CDL for all the latest news and updates on Kelly Ripa, Ryan Seacrest and all of your favorite celebrities right here.

Photo by Rich Fury/Getty Images

