www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/lady-gaga-taylor-kinney-split-after-five-years-together-report-w429811/

Nicholas Hautman

Lady Gaga, Taylor Kinney Split After Five Years Together





Lady Gaga and Taylor Kinney have split after five years together, Us Weekly can confirm.

The couple, who got engaged on Valentine’s Day 2015, ended their relationship earlier this month, a source confirms to Us.

“She was really crushed,” the insider says, adding that the couple drifted apart and that Gaga’s recent trip to Cabo was “a girls trip to get away and get over it.”

The “Born This Way” singer, 30, and the Chicago Fire actor, 35, first met on the set of her “Yoü and I” music video in 2011, in which he played her naked, bathtub-dwelling love interest. They started dating several months later. The pair previously split for a brief period in May 2012 before getting back together the following month.

Gaga excitedly confirmed her engagement to Kinney via Instagram in February 2015, sharing a close-up photo of her stunning heart-shape diamond ring. “He gave me his heart on Valentine’s Day, and I said YES!” she captioned the shot.

The American Horror Story: Hotel actress, who is rumored to return for the hit FX series’ forthcoming sixth season, also gushed about her longtime beau in a November 2013 interview on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.

“At the end of the day, he’s my best friend,” she told Ellen DeGeneres. “And having your lover be your best friend, I mean, it’s the best thing ever. It’s the best thing I can say about it.”

Of course, the feeling was mutual. In January, Kinney opened up about the first time his love met his mom, Pamela Heisler. “She was the sweetest thing that ever was,” the hunk told Entertainment Tonight at the time. “She was a sweetheart. I loved her from the moment I met her.”

Gaga previously dated Nebraska native musician Lüc Carl from 2005 to 2010. He was the inspiration behind several of her early songs, including “Boys Boys Boys,” “Judas” and, ironically, “Yoü and I.”

This would have been the first marriage for both.

