www.thisisinsider.com/miley-cyrus-liam-hemsworth-called-off-wedding-according-to-rumours-2018-7

Alison Millington

Reports suggest Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have called off their wedding again — and it's apparently because of a disagreement over having kids

Reports suggest Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have called off their wedding — again.

A source reportedly told OK! Australia on Thursday that the couple couldn't agree on when to have children.

While the article appears to have since been taken down, the news has spread like wildfire.

The rumours come after Cyrus deleted all of her Instagram posts last week.



Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have reportedly called off their wedding yet again — and it's apparently because of a disagreement over when to have kids.

OK! Australia reportedly published the news on Thursday after a source told the site that 28-year-old Hemsworth was keen to become a dad, while 25-year-old Cyrus wasn't ready.

While the article appears to have since been taken down, the news has spread like wildfire and has since been reported by the likes of The Daily Mail, The Sun, and the Evening Standard.

According the the Mail, the source told OK!: "He wants kids and doesn't want to keep putting it off but it's not quite the timeline Miley had in mind… he is left heartbroken.

"Miley put off plans for the wedding and Liam was growing tired of it… they haven't been getting along in recent months.

"[She] didn't really want to get married. It's something that everyone else seemed to get but Liam. [His] family had been begging him to see the light for a long time, but he had faith in Miley. Now he feels like an idiot."

Cyrus sparked attention when she deleted all of her Instagram posts last week.

While fans speculated it might mean new music is on the way, it's possible it may have had as much to do with her relationship troubles.

If true, this is hardly the first time the couple has split — or called off a wedding.

They first announced their engagement in 2012, split in 2013, then got back together in 2015.

