metro.co.uk/2017/12/20/kim-kardashians-heavily-pregnant-surrogate-grabs-lunch-kim-reveals-might-let-daughter-north-name-baby-7172892/

Sarah Deen

Kim Kardashian's surrogate grabs lunch amid reports Kimye will be at the birth

Kim Kardasian and Kanye West are getting ready for the arrival of their third child (Picture: Coleman-Rayner)

Kim Kardashian’s heavily pregnant surrogate was spotted grabbing lunch as Kim and husband Kanye West get ready to welcome their third child into the world.

The woman dressed casually in jeans and a dark top as she picked up some food on Monday in Los Angeles.

It comes as it’s reported that Kim and Kanye will be present for the birth.

A source told People magazine: ‘They are spending the holidays in LA to be close to the surrogate. They will both be at the birth.

‘Kim can’t wait to hold her baby girl…[she] is definitely nervous and anxious about the birth.’

Kim Kardashian’s surrogate grabs lunch in Los Angeles (Picture: Coleman-Rayner)

Mum-to-be Kim recently revealed that she might let her ‘creative genius’ daughter North name the baby.

Advertisement

Advertisement

According to HollywoodLife, ‘Kim has called on a parenting expert to get advice on what to do to avoid sibling rivalry this time around and one of the suggestions was to let North help name the baby so she feels more invested.’

They continued: ‘They’re considering it, Kim’s kind of on the fence about the idea but Kanye loves it. He thinks North is a creative genius and he’s happy to let her name their third child.’

Kim has previously spoken about the fact that North is already not a fan of her little brother Saint.

‘Obviously North loves Saint, she just is still jealous,’ Kim said in a video on her website Kimkardashianwest.com.

‘She needs to still get it together and warm up and like be a little bit nicer, but I think she is getting there. I saw glimmers of hope like a week ago.

‘She does not like her brother and it’s so hard for me.’

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: ‘Pregnant’ Kylie Jenner is still noticeably missing from the Kardashian Christmas card series

MORE: Khloe Kardashian seemingly drops biggest ‘pregnancy’ hint yet…with her sunglasses

