www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4503056/Man-shouts-Bruce-d-Caitlyn-Jenner.html

Charlie Moore For Mailonline

Caitlyn Jenner abused as she leaves LGBT awards in London

A photographer shouted 'Oi Bruce, get your d*** out' to Caitlyn Jenner as she left an LGBT awards show in London

A photographer shouted at Caitlyn Jenner 'Oi Bruce, get your d*** out' as she left the British LGBT Awards in London.

Police have launched a hate crime investigation after the incident on Friday night.

Jenner was a guest at the ceremony, where she received a Loud And Proud trophy following her transition from Bruce Jenner in 2015, which she has spoken about publicly.

As she left the event at the Grand Connaught Rooms in central London an onlooker hurled transphobic abuse at her until she got into a car.

It is also claimed that someone threw something at her while the vile comments were being made.

A source told The Sun Online: 'Caitlyn had an amazing night and when she won her award the room went crazy.

'She'd had such a wonderful time but as she went to leave the whole atmosphere changed.

'Someone shouted to her, "Oi, Bruce, get your d*** out". Then someone else threw something at her. It was horrible.'

A Metropolitan Police spokesman confirmed that officers had been called to the address on Friday night.

He said: 'Police were called on Friday May 12 at 11.40pm to an awards event in Great Queen Street, WC2, following an allegation of a hate crime.

'Officers attended and spoke to one of the organisers who alleged that a photographer had verbally abused a woman and a man as they were leaving the event.

The former Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete made a documentary, I Am Cait, about her transition in 2015 with appearances from her loved ones including Kim Kardashian, who spoke about her admiration for Jenner's bravery

'No arrests have been made. Enquiries are ongoing.'

Jenner, who was previously married to Kris Jenner and whose six children include reality stars Kylie and Kendall Jenner, has been in the UK promoting her book The Secrets Of My Life.

The former Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete made a documentary, I Am Cait, about her transition in 2015 with appearances from her loved ones including Kim Kardashian, who spoke about her admiration for Jenner's bravery.

Jenner's representatives have been contacted for comment about the British LGBT Awards incident.

