hollywoodlife.com/2016/07/20/jordan-clarkson-not-famous-enough-kendall-jenner-dating-relationship/

Samantha Wilson, Political News Editor

Kim Kardashian: Kendall Jenner Can’t Date Jordan Clarkson — He’s Not Famous Enough

Kim Kardashian reportedly doesn’t approve of the guy who’s stolen baby sis Kendall Jenner’s heart. Sure, Lakers player Jordan Clarkson is cute and nice, but Kim allegedly doesn’t think he’s famous enough to date Kendall!

“Kim [Kardashian] thinks Jordan [Clarkson] isn’t famous enough [to date Kendall Jenner],” a source told Life & Style magazine. “He’s a nice guy, but he barely has 150,000 followers on Twitter and she’d never heard of him until Kendall brought him up. [She] told Kendall that dating Jordan isn’t a smart move, and that she should be dating a famous rapper or musician if she wants to gain popularity.”

UPDATE: a source has told HollywoodLife.com that this is not true.

Wow! To think that having 150,000 followers on Twitter is something to be ashamed of! Kim, 35, has incredibly high standards for herself, and she wants Kendall, 20, to find a guy who’s her equal, just like she did with husband Kanye West, 38. But calling 24-year-old Jordan un-famous is pretty unfair. He’s an NBA star who plays for the Lakers, for goodness sake!

Kim should realize that the heart wants what it wants! After all, she once married a not-so famous basketball star and…okay that’s not the best example. But still! Kim shouldn’t get too concerned just yet, as Kendall and Jordan are reportedly keeping things casual at the moment. They’re hanging out together when they’re both in town, according to a source who spoke to E! News, and still seeing other people.

That must be why Kendall was spotted grinding on Moises Arias, 22, during a party on July 15 that Jordan was also attending! A partygoer at the OUE Skyspace LA outdoor lounge launch party in LA, though, told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that Moises made the moves, but Kendall wasn’t too into it. Is Moises famous enough for Kim’s approval?

HollywoodLifers, do you think Kendall and Jordan should date? Tell us in the comments!

