celebrityinsider.org/gwen-stefani-seeks-comfort-from-blake-shelton-as-her-las-vegas-show-reportedly-tanks-169243/

Suzy Kerr

Gwen Stefani Seeks Comfort From Blake Shelton As Her Las Vegas Show Reportedly Tanks

Gwen Stefani’s Las Vegas residency began late last month, but it looks like her Just A Girl show is a bomb. Stefani is performing at the Zappos Theater at Planet Hollywood – which has 4,600 seats – but her concerts aren’t even close to selling out. For her next show later this week, there are still 1,200 seats (26 percent) available.

“She can’t sell tickets,” says an insider. “There are literally thousands of seats still available this month!”

Radar Online is reporting that the remaining four July dates all have at least 1100 empty seats, and this failure has “devastated” Stefani.

Thank u for coming to Vegas gx A post shared by Gwen Stefani (@gwenstefani) on Jul 14, 2018 at 1:52pm PDT

The next round of shows will be from December 27th to the 31st, but sales aren’t any better. According to Ticketmaster, there are over 1,300 seats available for the December 30th concert, which is her worst night of sales.

Since there are still so many seats available for multiple shows, discount sites like GoodSeatTickets.com have slashed prices up to 75 percent.

The show runs through Mid-March of next year, but if it turns out to be a bust, sources say she can always go back to The Voice.

“She always has The Voice. Gwen knows that she is welcomed back to the show anytime she wants,” says the source. “She is already in talks to rejoin the show after next season.”

But no matter if the show is a success or a failure, Stefani’s boyfriend Blake Shelton continues to support her. He even recently joked on Twitter earlier this week about his perfect attendance record to Stefani’s shows.

He wrote that Stefani had performed three Las Vegas shows so far, and he has been to all three. Then he added the hashtag #stalker.

The 48-year-old Hollaback Girl singer seems to be okay with her boyfriend’s stalker behavior, and just last week she shared photos of the two sharing a kiss on the lips.

Shelton walked the red carpet with Stefani on the opening night of her show on June 27th, and the crowd that night gave him a standing ovation when he walked into the theater.

Stefani’s Just A Girl show features the biggest hits from her solo career as well as her time with No Doubt, and, she also included her romance with Shelton. While singing Make Me Like You – a song she says is about Shelton – she wears a cowgirl outfit.

Advertisement

On the first night of the residency, Gwen Stefani told the crowd that it is a fantasy come true to wear a cowgirl costume in front of Blake Shelton.

