www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4265366/Liev-Schreiber-hugs-Minnie-Driver-s-sister-Oscars-party.html

Bobbie Whiteman For Dailymail.Com

Liev Schreiber hugs Minnie Driver’s sister at Oscars party

Liev Schreiber and Naomi Watts ended their 11-year relationship in September, promising to remain friends to co-parent their two sons.

And the hunky 49-year-old actor sent tongues wagging as he was spotted out with 47-year-old Minnie Driver's elder sister Kate.

It was also interesting to note that the producer-manager is the spitting image of his ex.

New blonde in his life: Liev Schreiber and Minnie Driver's sister Kate posed up on the carpet at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party at the Wallis Annenberg Center in Beverly Hills on Sunday

The pair were snapped hanging out on the carpet outside the Vanity Fair Oscar Party at the Wallis Annenberg Center For The Performing Arts in Beverly Hills on Sunday.

It likely isn't romance, however, as Kate and Liev's ex Naomi are friends.

The beautiful blonde, who stands a statuesque 5ft 11ins, wore an ankle-length turquoise satin gown.

She wrapped a black shawl around her shoulders to keep warm as they waited outside the venue for the valet to bring their car.

Leaving together: The 49-year-old Ray Donovan star was spotted on the phone as he accompanied Kate out of the venue

Keeping warm: The blonde beauty, who was wearing a turquoise satin gown, wrapped a black shawl around her shoulders on the chilly evening

The Ray Donovan star was immaculately dressed in a black tuxedo with a crisp white shirt and black bowtie.

Liev wrapped his arm around his date, only letting go to kiss a female friend in a pale blue layered gown when she came over to say goodbye.

Meanwhile, the main men in Naomi's life seem to be their boys Alexander, nine, and Samuel, seven.

Sister love: Kate didn't look too amused when Liev kissed goodbye to her sister Minnie

Running the gamut of snappers: The 47-year-old actress looked chic in a pale blue layered gown at the Vanity Fair event

The couple are keeping good on their vow to co-parent the boys with Liev joining his family on Christmas Day.

They most recently turned up separately to a friend's home in the Brentwood neighbourhood of Los Angeles for a party on February 20.

Liev arrived with Samuel and Naomi showed up carrying her tiny Yorkshire terrier Bob.

Proud dad: Liev and Naomi are making good on their vow to remain friends for the sake of their sons Alexander, nine, and Samuel, seven. He's seen here bringing Sam to a party in Brentwood on February 20 while the actress turned up in a separate car

