www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6868249/jennifer-lopez-engaged-alex-rodriguez-dating-baseball-exes/

Joe Brophy, Joanne Kavanagh

Is Jennifer Lopez engaged to Alex Rodriguez, when did she start dating the baseball star and who have they previously gone out with?

JENNIFER Lopez is set to walk down the aisle for the FOURTH time.

Here's the lowdown on her romance with Alex Rodriguez.

3 Jennifer Lopez has announced that she’s engaged to her baseball legend boyfriend Alex Rodriguez Credit: Getty - Contributor

Is Jennifer Lopez engaged to Alex Rodriguez?

In March 2019 it was revealed that Jennifer Lopez had got engaged to her baseball legend boyfriend Alex Rodriguez during a romantic beach getaway.

The three-times married singer, 49, announced the news by posting a pic of her massive diamond sparkler on Instagram with a number of heart emojis.

Before the announcement, in July 2018 Jen sparked rumours she was engaged to Alex after sporting a Cartier ring on her wedding finger.

The pair also sent the rumour mill in full motion when they were spotted buying jewellery on Valentine's Day 2018.

3 The pair has been dating since 2017 Credit: AP.ASSOCIATED PRESS

When did she start dating the baseball star?

Jennifer first started dating A-Rod in March 2017 after first meeting him in 2005 at a baseball game she had attended with her then-husband Marc Anthony.

They confirmed their romance when they were spotted out wearing matching outfits and they made their red carpet debut at the 2017 Met Gala.

Earlier this year the couple bought their first home together after they snapped up a £10million New York apartment.

Jen revealed she believes men are 'useless' before they turn 33 so it's a good sign that the baseball legend is over the required age limit that saw her linked to 31-year-old Drake and then 24-year-old Casper Smart.

3 The singer revealed the news by posting a pic of her massive diamond sparkler on Instagram with a number of heart emojis

most read in TV & Showbiz BRAVE FACE I'm A Celeb's Jac Jossa puts wedding ring back ON & says she's 'absolutely fine' QUEEN'S RULING Jac Jossa is first winner to EVER cancel live TV chats after threesome claim kiss it better? I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline & husband Dan kiss before reuniting with kids THE ENDER LoU? EastEnders fans convinced Linda will kill Louise on Christmas Day Exclusive Jungle SHOWDOWN Jacqueline Jossa & cheating Dan in tense talks as his mum points the finger CHERRY XMAS! Busty Susanna Reid sends GMB fans into a frenzy in plunging cherry red dress

Who have they previously gone out with?

From 1997-1998 J-Lo had a brief marriage to Cuban waiter Ojani Noa.

She has also dated the rapper Sean Combs and was engaged to Batman actor Ben Affleck.

She was then married to dancer Cris Judd from 2001 until 2003.

In 2004 J-Lo married singer Marc Anthony, and the singer gave birth to twins Emme Maribel and Maximillian David in 2008 before they divorced six years later.

Alex also has children, two daughters from his marriage to psychology graduate Cynthia Scurtis, whom he married in 2002 before they divorced in 2008.

