www.dailyedge.ie/the-dredge-32-4133863-Jul2018/

Niamh Mcclelland

Tyga is pissed off over Kylie Jenner's GQ cover with Travis Scott... it's The Dredge

EVERY WEEKDAY MORNING, DailyEdge.ie rounds up the best of the day’s celebrity dirt from the top to the very bottom.

Source: SIPA USA/PA Images

Last week we learned that Tyga was struggling to come to terms with the fact that his ex-girlfriend, Kylie Jenner, was exceptionally close to securing billionaire status.

Apparently, the rapper felt that he should have a slice of the high life since he was in a relationship with Kylie when she launched her first lip kit back in 2015.

Source: Piovanotto Marco/PA Images

And this week, he’s stressed over the GQ photoshoot she did with her current partner and the father of her child, Travis Scott.

Speaking to HollywoodLife, a source close to Tyga spilled the deets.

Tyga feels crushed over another one of Kylie’s magazine covers. He feels heartbroken over her latest GQ cover with Travis.

🖤 A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Jul 17, 2018 at 11:34am PDT

He’s in a right heap over it, apparently.

Tyga misses Kylie and feels like that should have been him making gorgeous babies with Kylie, doing interviews and posing with her for photo shoots and magazine covers. Last week’s Forbes cover was like a punch in the gut and now this GQ cover with Travis is only making missing Kylie worse and more painful.

According to sources, the rapper couldn’t even bring himself to open the pages of the publication.

He doesn’t like seeing her with Travis’s arms wrapped around her and he does not want to read the interview either.

Sorry to hear that, Tyga.

Source: Ian West

Katy Perry says she was heartbroken over public reaction to her last album

In a candid interview with Vogue Australia, Katy Perry revealed that she suffered bouts of situational depression due to public reaction to the release of her latest album, Witness.

I have had bouts of situational depression and my heart was broken last year because, unknowingly, I put so much validity in the reaction of the public.

About last night ♏️ 💜#americanidolfinale A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on May 22, 2018 at 1:22pm PDT

The 33-year-old admitted that she was left heartbroken by the response to the album, which saw the release of Chained to the Rhythm and Swish Swish.

The public didn’t react in the way I had expected to … which broke my heart.

The singer reveals she sought help from the Hoffman Institute, a California-based personal growth retreat, after seeing how much her friends gained from time spent there.

For years, my friends would go and come back completely rejuvenated, and I wanted to go, too. I was ready to let go of anything that was holding me back from being my ultimate self. Fair play, Perry.

Source: PA Archive/PA Images

Calum Best had his say on online trolling while appearing on Lorraine

Calum Best has urged members of the public to reconsider their attitude towards reality TV stars, given the level of trolling which takes place online during the broadcast of certain series.

Source: Doug Peters/PA Images

Using Love Island as an example, Calum, who appeared on Lorraine today, began by saying he understands why the line is often blurred.

I know it can be light hearted and fun because realistically Love Island is a fun show.

Calum, who won Celebrity Love Island in 2006, spoke of his own experience, while acknowledging that not everyone is robust enough to cope with the court of public opinion in the aftermath.

You go out there and there’re awkward love moments and it’s all quite fun but you have to think about if people are getting trolled and nasty things are being said and they don’t know how to cope with that, that can mess them up.

Source: Hugh Macknight/PA Images

Referring to the late Sophie Gradon, who appeared on Love Island in 2016, and died last month, Calum said:

Poor Sophie, she was a friend of mine and to think she was struggling on the inside because of what people might have said or how she was being treated – it’s a horrible thought and that can happen to anybody.

The 37-year-old acknowledges that trolling on social media is almost unavoidable, but is keen to raise awareness of the implications of certain online behaviour.

I know there are memes out there and it can be quite funny and we all have a laugh, but can you imagine if somebody isn’t confident or somebody lacks self belief and they start seeing all these horrible things written about them.

Definitely something to think about.

And in the rest of the day’s dirt…



Louis Tomlinson felt he had to assure fans that music was still his priority, despite signing up to this year’s The X Factor. (mirror.co.uk)

Scott Disick is only bloody delighted to hear that there’s drama unfolding between Kourtney Kardashian and Younes Bendjima. (hollywood.com)

Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady have gotten a buyer for their NYC apartment, which was listed for just under $14 million. (eonline.com)

Ashley Graham corrected a troll who said she looked pregnant by telling her she wasn’t pregnant, but ‘fat’. (mirror.co.uk)

DailyEdge is on Instagram!

