www.thisisinsider.com/brad-pitt-dating-ella-purnell-angelina-jolie-maleficent-2017-10

Jacob Shamsian

'Completely made up': Brad Pitt isn't dating the 21-year-old who played a teen version of Angelina Jolie in a movie, says source

A report from In Touch says that Brad Pitt is dating 21-year-old actress Ella Purnell.

A source close to the actress tells INSIDER that the report is "completely made up."

Purnell played a teenage version of Angelina Jolie's character in "Maleficent."



Brad Pitt isn't dating 21-year-old actress Ella Purnell — who played a teenage version of his soon-to-be-ex-wife Angelina Jolie's character in the 2014 Disney movie "Maleficent" — despite the reports.

The reports are "completely made up," an individual close to Purnell told INSIDER on Thursday.

According to In Touch, Pitt cast her as the main character in "Sweetbitter," a drama he's producing for Starz through his production company Plan B. Pitt was reportedly impressed by her performances in "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" and this year's "Churchill."

As a series, "Sweetbitter" is a project run by director Richard Shephard, who won Director's Guild of America award and Emmy awards for his work on "Ugly Betty" and is also known for his work on "Girls." Casting director Laura Rosenthal is finding actors for the rest of the roles, according to Deadline. Pitt does not seem to be involved with the project on a casting level.

In Touch cites what it says is a source close to Jolie and Pitt. The source reportedly says that Jolie is upset with the relationship.

"She's furious about Brad's interest in Ella and her being cast in 'Sweetbitter,'" In Touch's source reportedly said. "She absolutely hates that Brad is cavorting with someone who played the teenage version of her in a film."

Purnell is credited as "Teen Maleficent" in "Maleficent," where Jolie played the lead role. Pitt and Jolie separated in September 2016 and are negotiating a divorce agreement.

Angelina Jolie. Michael Loccisano/Getty Images

The source cited by In Touch said that Pitt, who is 53 years old, is deeply impressed with Purnell's acting ability. Purnell also reportedly said, "He's always been her No. 1 celebrity crush."

"He realizes the huge age difference ... and that everyone would look at the relationship as a midlife crisis mistake," In Touch's source reportedly said. "[But] he's taken with Ella's spunky, funny demeanor and formidable acting skills."

Purnell is already an accomplished actress in her own right. In the past few years, she's had roles in high-profile movies like "Never Let Me Go," "Kick-Ass 2," and "The Legend of Tarzan."

A representative for Pitt did not immediately respond to INSIDER's request for comment. Purnell's representative told us he had no official comment on the report.

