kreolmagazine.com/culture/features/did-kim-kardashian-try-to-steal-beyonces-thunder/



Did Kim Kardashian try to steal Beyoncé’s thunder?

Beyoncé has finally given birth! The songstress and husband Jay Z have kept a lid on the details about the new additions to their family, but sources close to the couple have confirmed the happy news to various media outlets. One insider told People: “Bey and Jay are thrilled and have started sharing the news with their family and closest friends.” While Beyoncé had previously revealed she was expecting twins, as of right now the babies’ sex and names are still unknown.

Meanwhile, Kim Kardashian has already been accused of trying to steal Beyoncé’s thunder. The accusations started to fly when Kim purchased a Pomeranian puppy for her daughter North West – and broke the news just as Beyoncé is thought to have given birth. While the timing was somewhat suspicious, Kim took it one step further by asking fans for help in naming the dog. She tweeted: “So North wants to name her puppy Mercy, thoughts? We need a good name!” This, of course, briefly diverted some of the attention away from new mum Beyoncé.

Kim and Beyoncé have both run in the same celebrity circles for many years thanks to the friendship between their husbands Kanye West and Jay Z. That said, there have been countless reports about their allegedly frosty relationship. In fact, just last year it was claimed that Bey has “never liked genuinely liked Kim”. A source told Mail Online:

She’s mostly tolerated her because of their husbands’ friendship and [their] mutual friends, like Jennifer Lopez. She is always a little icy to Kim. The last time they hung out, the minute Beyoncé could leave the conversation, she did. They always have lots of awkward pauses.

Moving forward…

It’s unlikely that Kim will ever admit that she set out to outshine her ‘rival’ – nor is it likely that Beyoncé will even be miffed about the poorly timed tweet at this stage. Instead, the pop star will no doubt be devoting all her energy into adjusting to life as a mum-of-three. However, it’s always possible that the feud between Kim and Bey could flare up again sometime in the near future.

Photo by thekrisharris licensed under Creative commons 4

