www.intouchweekly.com/posts/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-fourth-baby-158346

Alex Riccardi

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Want a Fourth Baby, but It Could Ruin Their Marriage

The Kardashians have baby fever — literally. Now that Khloé Kardashian welcomed her first child, True Thompson, with serial cheater boyfriend Tristan Thompson, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are looking to expand their family, again! The couple is already parents to North, 4, Saint, 2, and Chicago, 3 months, but a source told Radar Online they are itching for baby No. 4 by the end of this year.

“It’s always been a question of when, not if they’ll add to the family,” the source explained. “They’re confident they can cope with this because of the support they have with childcare.” And, yes, Kim will likely go the surrogate route again as the publication reported that she will probably use the same woman who carried Chicago.

Although Kim and Kanye are ready for a fourth child — hopefully another son if Kanye had it his way — some close friends don’t think it’s such a good idea. Radar Online reported that this could be something that actually tears them apart since their relationship isn’t in the greatest place at the moment.

“A lot of people think it’s crazy, since their marriage is hardly in the ideal place and they’re already struggling to cope with the demands of three kids,” the source said. “But they’re ignoring all reason and going with their impulse here.”

While Kim and Kanye have yet to comment on the possibility of adding to their family so soon, the KKW Beauty star did tell Elle‘s April issue that a fourth baby would be her last. “I don’t think I could handle more than [four kids]. My time is spread really thin,” Kim explained. “And I think it’s important that in all couples, the mom gives the husband as much attention as the kids.”

Kim and Kanye started dating in April 2012 before tying the knot in 2014 and they are still the perfect match for each other. “He’s taught me to have more of an opinion,” Kim admitted. “I’ve taught him to be a bit more calm or cautious. We’re a good balance.”

