www.ibtimes.co.in/brad-pitt-jennifer-aniston-reunion-movie-truth-behind-rumoured-rom-com-film-776639

Viraj Mahajan

Brad Pitt, Jennifer Aniston reunion movie: Truth behind the rumoured rom-com film

Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt are currently enjoying their private lives post their separation from their respective partners. However, their personal and professional lives constantly create sensational headlines. Most recently, it was absurdly claimed that Jennifer and her ex-husband Brad could have a sensational reunion on the sets of a new rom-com movie.

The latest report from Heat Magazine asserted that the newly single Jennifer and Brad are said to be "seriously considering" featuring in a feature film together for the first time. Prior to this, they shared screen space in FRIENDS TV series when Brad made a memorable cameo.

An alleged source told the magazine that since Brad and Jennifer both are friends again, it would be a tremendous opportunity to make a feature-length film. However, the new characters will not be seen as ardent lovers, but they would typically have to interact in front of the camera.

"It's not like they would be playing lovers or anything, but the project is in the romantic comedy genre and their characters would cross paths. The movie producers are really excited and feel this would be dynamite casting," added the insider.

Jennifer and Brad married in 2000 but split after five years. The latter decided to start a new life with Angelina Jolie, whereas Jennifer decided to focus on different movie projects. Back in 2011, Jennifer started seeing Justin Theroux and got married in August 2015. But the couple announced they were "lovingly" parting their ways after just two years of marriage.

Ever since Aniston and Theroux ended their marriage, many speculated that Brad Pitt and Jennifer will soon reconcile their previous differences. However, this is not the case. Gossip Cop repeatedly confirmed that Brad and Jennifer have not in touch with each other ever since their divorce.

Gossip Cop also debunked the claims made by the Heat Magazine that Jen and Brad are reuniting for a romantic comedy-drama. Apparently, this is not the first time when the reports surfaced that pointed towards a possible feature film starring Aniston and Pitt. Back in March 2017, there were multiple reports that We Are The Millers star was considering to work with the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood actor.

"There are no projects that Jennifer is considering with Brad," Jennifer's spokesperson revealed.

