www.closerweekly.com/posts/prince-harry-dad-rumors-127594

Samantha Faragalli

Who's Prince Harry's Real Father? James Hewitt Addresses Rumors He's His Dad

Who is Prince Harry‘s father? That’s what many fans are asking themselves ahead of the royal wedding. There have been rumors going around that Prince Charles isn’t Prince Harry’s real dad, so many fans are wondering if Harry and James Hewitt are actually father and son since they look alike. Scroll down to find out!

Is Prince Harry Charles’ son?

Princess Diana’s ex-lover recently confirmed that Charles is Prince Harry’s biological father. In a previous interview with Australia’s Sunday Night, James was asked, “Are you Harry’s father?” from the show’s host. “No, I’m not,” the 60-year-old candidly admitted. He was then asked why he thought the truth of Harry’s paternity has been in constant doubt over the years. “It sells papers. It’s worse for [Harry], probably, poor chap,” James shared.

James in 2004.

James and Diana previously met in 1986, two years after Harry was born (Diana welcomed Harry with Charles in September 1984). The two were introduced around the same time Charles was rumored to be having an affair with his now-wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. However, James’ claims prove that Charles is actually Harry’s father (Phew!).

James reflected on his and Diana’s whirlwind and private romance. “It’s a gradual period and then, you know, suddenly you can’t get enough of each other or see each other as much as you want,” he said, adding they had some great, low-key times together. “I’d cook and she’d wash up. Just dinner and relaxing and laughing.”

Their affair was soon exposed by the press, which led to their eventual split. Diana and Charles — who are also parents to a 35-year-old son, Prince William — later divorced in 1996 after 15 years of marriage. Diana died in a car crash in August 1997.

While Harry has expressed in the past that he’s close with his dad, the red-headed royal also had a strong bond with his late mother and recently revealed how he’s keeping her legacy alive through his charity work. “I want to do something that makes my mother proud,” he said. “Lucky for me I’ve got the prince bit so I’m able to make a difference.”

Join our Facebook group for the latest updates on Kate Middleton, Prince William, and all things royal!

