www.enstarz.com/articles/194708/20170704/kristen-stewart-alicia-cargile-is-she-cheating-on-model-stella-maxwell-video.htm



Kristen Stewart, Alicia Cargile: Is She Cheating On Model Stella Maxwell? [VIDEO]

Kristen Stewart is not engaging in an affair with her ex-girlfriend, Alicia Cargile.

According to a new report, the Twilight actress was accused of sneaking around with Cargile behind the back of her current girlfriend, Victoria's Secret model Stella Maxwell.

Stewart has been “caught double-dipping with her lady loves,” an incorrect report by the National Enquirer alleged. “Just weeks after setting up the house with Victoria’s Secret model Stella Maxwell, [Kristen] was caught sneaking around with ex-gal pal Alicia.”

Although the report claimed Stewart had been caught visiting Cargile’s home on June, Gossip Cop has confirmed the cheating allegations as false. The outlet also noted that while Stewart has been known to return to Cargile when other romances have failed, she and Maxwell are currently going strong and have a solid relationship.

“[The model] and Kirsten have a good thing… They’re two peas in a pod,” the insider told Gossip Cop.

As the rumors of a split continue to swirl, Stewart and Maxwell are enjoying time together in France.

"Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell are making the most of their time in Paris," the Daily Mail revealed to readers on Tuesday.

According to the report, Stewart and Maxwell are currently in town for Haute Couture Fashion Week and stepped out for dinner together on Monday night. In photos from their outing, Stewart was seen in a white t-shirt and ripped black jeans while her girlfriend sported a black crop top with a matching leather jacket and pants.

Days ago, Stewart and Maxwell were caught together at the airport were photographers for X17 Online questioned the couple about their potential plans to get married. To see their response, check out the video clip below.

See Now: Famous Actors Who Turned Down Iconic Movie Roles

