www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5622883/Brad-Pitts-genius-new-love-Neri-Oxman-steps-black-outfit-just-like-ex-Angelina-Jolie.html

Ross Mcdonagh For Dailymail.Com

Brad Pitt's genius new love Neri Oxman steps out in all black outfit

After their very public break-up, Brad Pitt probably wants to forget all about his ex Angelina Jolie.

But he might have got a reminder if he'd seen his new girlfriend Neri Oxman on Monday.

The 42-year-old MIT professor wore head-to-toe black - a look that has long been Jolie's signature style - as she arrived home in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Brad Pitt's girlfriend Neri Oxman stepped out in Cambridge, Massachusetts rocking a very 'Angelina' all black ensemble on Monday

The black-haired beauty opted for skinny jeans and a fitted long-sleeve top, with cute booties and a turban-style hat.

The over-sized shades declared she was already perfecting the celeb look.

The American-Israeli genius carried flowers and plenty of luggage, suggesting she was returning back from a long trip away.

Familiar: The black-haired beauty opted for skinny jeans and a fitted long-sleeve top, with cute booties and a turban-style hat

Brad's got a type! Head-to-toe black is Angelina Jolie's signature look

Reports the two are dating surfaced this month, but the relationship may have been simmering away for as long as six months.

Instagram pictures show the two met back in November when the 54-year-old actor - an architecture and design aficionado visited the media lab where she works.

Sources close to Pitt claim he is 'absolutely smitten' with his new squeeze and the 'their chemistry is off the charts.'

New love: Reports the two are dating surfaced this month, but the relationship may have been simmering away for as long as six months

Brad left his first wife Jennifer Aniston for Angelina, but Brangelina declined to marry until 2014.

The former couple, who share three biological offspring and as many adopted children, then split, just two years later.

They are are parents to Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 11, and nine-year-old twins Knox and Vivienne.

