people.com/celebrity/beyonce-drake-texas-floods-celebrities-hurricane-harvey/

Char Adams, Alexia Fernandez

J.J. Watt, Tyler Perry, Jamie Foxx and More Celebrities Give Big to Relief Funds for Deadly Texas Floods

Tyler Perry, J.J. Watt and Hilary Duff are the latest celebrities speaking out after Hurricane Harvey rampaged through the coastal area of Texas, leaving thousands displaced and dozens more dead.

Perry, 47, announced on his Facebook page that he was donating $1 million to organizations he trusted would deliver goods directly to the people who needed it most — with a portion going to Joel Osteen’s Lakewood Church.

Watt, 28, continued to beat his goal (his latest being $10 million), announcing on Twitter Thursday that donations had reached $12 million.

Duff donated $40,000 to the relief efforts, splitting her donation between the Red Cross and the Houston Food Bank, PEOPLE confirms.

Jamie Foxx announced on Instagram Thursday that he donated $25,000 to Global Giving‘s Hurricane Harvey Relief Fund.

“Just want to let everyone in Texas know that we got you. From a fellow texan, my heart goes out. My prayers go out,” the actor, 49, said.

Foxx also shared that he would be part of a telethon aimed at raising money for hurricane victims airing Sept. 12.

Scooter Braun, Justin Bieber’s manager, is helming the event, the Los Angeles Times reports.

On Thursday, Miley Cyrus announced on The Ellen DeGeneres Show that she’s donating $500,000 through her Happy Hippie Foundation.

“It just really makes me just really upset. I am really happy to help in any way I can,” she said. “And I hope people understand and can put themselves in those people’s shoes and just to know what it feels like to have everything taken away from you.”

The Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation donated $1 million on Wednesday to the United Way Harvey Recovery Fund, following in the footsteps of a fellow Oscar winner, Sandra Bullock, who also donated $1 million to relief efforts on Tuesday.

Selena Gomez, 25, has also donated, as well as Demi Lovato, who tweeted that she donated $50,000 to a CrowdRise campaign along with good friend Nick Jonas. DNCE have also joined the campaign.

So devastated about the crisis in my home state of Texas. Let's all help- donating here in case you can too: https://t.co/ZTrYu04jAn — Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) August 30, 2017

I'm kicking this off with a $50k donation at https://t.co/OsmNwPuFBK. Please help if you can. Promise you every dollar and prayer helps! — Demi Lovato (@ddlovato) August 30, 2017

I've donated already and would love for your help in donating what you can too. Praying for you Houston. https://t.co/hf3lZJQ3ie pic.twitter.com/0lxRzFZtjk — Nick Jonas (@nickjonas) August 30, 2017

Hearing and watching the news of Houston is absolutely devastating. @ddlovato, @nickjonas, @Philymack, and us have partnered with @Crowdrise — DNCE (@DNCE) August 30, 2017

NFL player Watt has raised more than $7 million for Hurricane Harvey relief — and he said he was humbled by the nation’s continued generosity in the midst of the historic flood.

Over $7 MILLION!!! — JJ Watt (@JJWatt) August 30, 2017

Watt, who has been consistently updating his Twitter account with new amount donations, tweeted that his new goal was to raise $10 million.

“It’s incredible. The most difficult times seem to bring out the best in humanity, that’s showing through right now so much,” he said in a Twitter video posted Wednesday morning, noting that more than 50,000 people have donated so far.

Solange announced a special benefit concert to aid victims, with all proceeds going toward Houston relief efforts. The concert will take place at the Orpheum Theatre in Boston on Sept. 28.

Fall Out Boy announced Wednesday that all proceeds from their Nov. 7 concert in Houston will go toward storm relief efforts. The proceeds will go into the Fall Out Boy Fund, which will make monetary donations to local organizations helping those in need, Entertainment Weekly reported.

Other stars continued with giving back earlier in the week, including Miranda Lambert, Ruby Rose and Kevin Hart.

Lambert, 33, took to Instagram Tuesday night to reveal her animal shelter foundation, MuttNation, rescued 72 dogs that day.

“My roommates tonight sure are cute! Mama and newborns that were born this morning,” Lambert wrote in the caption. “Im calling her Ashley after @ashleymonroemusic who just had a baby herself. @muttnationfoundation rescued 72 dogs today who are being transported to dry safe shelters across the country. Thanks for yalls support. Stay tuned tomorrow and continue to pray. #muttnationfoundation #hurricaneharvey#texasstrong #elvirathebus#tourbusrescue.”

Rose, 31, also donated, writing on social media that she would match musician Jack Antonoff’s donation to an LGBT center in Houston.

Hart urged his fellow celebrities to give back, creating a hurricane relief fund and challenging friends like JAY-Z and Chris Brown to give at least $25,000. Brown, 28, accepted the challenge, but increased the amount to $100,000.

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez each donated $25,000 to the American Red Cross, which the “On the Floor” singer revealed in an Instagram video.

Other stars such as Kim Kardashian West pledged to donate $500,000, along with her sisters and mother, Kris Jenner.

Houston we are praying for you! My mom, sisters & I will be donating $500,000 to @redcross and @salvationarmyus today #HoustonStrong — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) August 29, 2017

Beyoncé, a Houston native, shared a black-and-white Instagram photo of the state flag with the message: “Texas you are in my prayers.”

Meanwhile, Texas native Longoria detailed her recent trip back home to San Antonio.

“It wasn’t as bad as other areas of Texas. I’m praying for my home state and all those who are suffering through the devastation of Hurricane Harvey,” she wrote alongside a photo of the state.

“Stay strong Texas and a big Texas size thank you to all the first responders, National Guard, Red Cross, volunteers, etc. Everything is bigger in Texas, and that includes our hearts and capacity to help,” she added.

Texas country band Josh Abbott Band has raised more than $40,000 with 100 percent of net proceeds to benefit Hurricane Harvey relief organizations. The band’s non-profit organization JAB Cares has been selling “My Texas” t-shirts online and helping victims on-site in Texas all week.

Hurricane Harvey caused terrible wreckage after making landfall in the town of Rockport on Friday night, as a Category 4 storm. Port Aransas and Rockport took the brunt of the storm, which hit the coastal area with 130 mph winds. The storm left homes flooded, many without power and several buildings destroyed.

On Saturday and early Sunday, parts of the Houston area had received more than 20 inches of rain, with southeast Harris County logged at 24.28 inches of rain in 24 hours, the Weather Channel reported.

At least five people had been reported dead on Sunday as a result of Harvey, according to The Chicago Tribune. Officials said they expect the number of fatalities to rise in areas hit hardest with flooding.

As officials, crews and residents scramble in Texas, Bachelor alum Sean Lowe, who is from Arlington, looked to take action.

Anyone in the dallas area have a small boat I can take to Houston to help with evacuations? I'll pay for the rental. — Sean Lowe (@SeanLowe09) August 27, 2017

I'm devastated over Hurricane Harvey. I'm not from Houston, But I have had the pleasure to spend time there. Texas Strong. We stand together pic.twitter.com/YHZTLth8zF — Mitchel Musso (@mitchelmusso) August 28, 2017

“Anyone in the dallas (sic) area have a small boat I can take to Houston to help with evacuations? I’ll pay for the rental,” he tweeted on Sunday.

Singer Chris Young also vowed to help, pledging $100,000 to the Red Cross — and setting up a GoFundMe page for others to donate.

He announced the pledge in a moving Instagram post, noting that he has friends and family in Texas, as well as a house that was likely destroyed in the storm.

Stars including Miranda Lambert and Kim Zolciak-Biermann sent well-wishes to those affected by the hurricane.

Praying for #Houston. Please share to help our brothers and sisters in Texas impacted by #HurricaneHarvey. pic.twitter.com/zkJRgk5HCx — COMMON (@common) August 28, 2017

Thoughts and prayers with Texas 🙏🏾 — Kobe Bryant (@kobebryant) August 28, 2017

Others, like Drake Busy Philipps and Amy Schumer shared links and phone numbers to the American Red Cross, Save the Children, FEMA and local help lines for those in troubled areas.

“We are currently overseas in London and all I can think about is how devastated I am as I look at images of the damage Hurricane Harvey has caused. I am praying for the safety of all those affected,” Drake wrote in an Instagram post on Monday.

Mr. Trump: Don't demand billions to build your wall. Demand billions to rebuild Texas. #Harvey — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) August 27, 2017

“Houston has truly been a home to me over the last 8 years. Myself and @furthertheprince are working with local relief groups to aid and assist the people of Texas in anyway we can and in the most immediate way possible.”

