www.vogue.com/article/jenna-dewan-channing-tatum-divorce-interview

Condé Nast, Christian Allair

Jenna Dewan Says Her Divorce From Channing Tatum Was “a Positive Thing”

Since announcing their separation after almost nine years of marriage in April, dancer and World of Dance judge Jenna Dewan and actor Channing Tatum have remained relatively mum on details of their divorce. But in a new cover story for Women’s Health, Dewan opened up on life post-Tatum, where she talked finding personal growth in a time of intense scrutiny.

“I feel I’ve been on a wave of growth,” Dewan told the magazine. “It’s always challenging to go through a big change and have the whole world have an opinion about it. . . It’s okay for a relationship to change into a new form that is actually better for both people involved, and I think that’s maybe what shocked everyone so much—that it can be a positive thing. That was ultimately what happened with us.”

Dewan said the mutual separation was a positive decision, and that it felt right for the family as a whole. (She and Tatum have a five-year-old daughter, Everly). “It’s been a journey, and it’s been a transformation of myself—my needs and wants as a woman,” she said. “I think everyone wants to hold on to what’s in front of them, but when you open your mind, saying, ‘I want what’s best for myself and my daughter,’ you have to be okay with however that looks.”

The couple had been together since 2006, when they met on the set of the dance flick Step Up. They later went on to tie the knot in 2009, and welcomed their daughter in 2013.

Elsewhere in the interview, Dewan also spoke about her experiences as a mother—and the mom-shaming that can sometimes come with it. (She recently faced criticism for posting so-called “too-sexy” photos on Instagram.) “Apparently, when you become a mother, you’re supposed to leave your sexuality at the door, and I never understood that,” she said of the experience. “I think there’s nothing sexier than becoming a mother. You give life. It’s everything. And you don’t change who you are inside just because you have a kid.”

