www.teenvogue.com/story/robert-pattinson-responds-twilight-revival-rumors

Condé Nast, Brianna Wies

Robert Pattinson Responds To Those 'Twilight' Revival Rumors

Robert Pattinson may have become a household name starring as Edward Cullen in the cult movie series Twilight,, but when talk of returning to the role comes up, turns out Rob has some strong feelings.

In a new interview with Huffpost, Robert Pattinson opened up about how carefully he selects movie roles, and what's up for him next. (For context, despite only starring in a few films since the Twilight saga released it's final movie in 2011, he says he reads "eight scripts each week," or 400 per year.)

Referencing the Lionsgate CEO who recently said that there are "more stories to be told" within the Twilight and Hunger Games franchises, Robert was asked whether or not he'd be open to reprising his role.

First he responded by throwing his hands up in the air with a "faux-enthusiastic" "yes," but then backtracked, saying: “Well, you never know."

"It did inspire me at the time," he continued, "And, really, it’s kind of awesome. It’s the way people interpret it. People would excuse you for not taking something seriously if it becomes this mainstream thing and everyone’s fiending. I took it just as seriously — more seriously — than other things I’ve done.”

He also talked about developing what's being referred to as "paparazzi PTSD" from the ordeal. And as for the term "franchises," Pattinson doesn't support it.

“I remember when ‘Twilight’ first came out, it was the first time I’d really heard film series be referred to as ‘franchises,‘” Pattinson said. “And then you see everyone talking about the word ‘franchise’ as if it’s this revered term. ‘Franchise’ should not be about a movie. That’s a fast-food restaurant. Everyone was like ‘the franchise, the franchise’ the whole time. I just thought, ‘Shut up!’ It’s rote. All these actors are saying ‘franchise’ ― it’s like, what are you doing? You’ve drunk the Kool-Aid!”

It seems throughout the conversation, Robert is outlining and illustrating his desire to re-define himself as an actor outside of a young adult cult fiction series, but he also doesn't seem 100% deterred from reprising the role of Edward.

Related: Robert Pattinson Was on the Same Flight as Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell

Check This Out:

