www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5086461/Elon-Musk-admits-emotional-pain-split-Amber.html

Heather Waugh For Dailymail.Com

Elon Musk admits pain since split from Amber Heard

Elon Musk has revealed he was dumped by Amber Heard as the billionaire opened up on how he hates sleeping alone and is looking for a life partner.

The Tesla CEO spoke about his recent, emotional break up with Heard during a wide-ranging interview with Rolling Stone magazine.

'She broke up with me more than I broke up with her, I think,' the 46-year-old said.

'I was really in love, and it hurt bad.'

He added that he was in 'severe emotional pain' for several weeks after.

'It hurt bad': Elon Musk reveals his vulnerable side in a candid new interview with Rolling Stone in which he says his split from Amber Heard left him in 'severe emotional pain'

The couple's split was confirmed in August after a year of dating and was put down to the strains of a long-distance relationship and busy work schedules.

At the time Elon remarked: 'Although Amber and I did break up, we are still friends, remain close and love one another.'

They were spotted out together in Australia just several days after news of their split broke.

Musk told Rolling Stone that his heartbreak over his break-up had even affected the launch of his Tesla Model 3.

'It took every ounce of will to be able to do the Model 3 event and not look like the most depressed guy around. For most of that day, I was morbid,' he said.

'And then I had to psych myself up: drink a couple of Red Bulls, hang out with positive people and then, like, tell myself: 'I have all these people depending on me. All right, do it!''

'She broke up with me more than I broke up with her, I think': Elon, 46, said. The couple (pictured in April 2016) split up just before the summer but remain friends

'It took every ounce of will to be able to do the Model 3 event and not look like the most depressed guy around.' Elon, pictured in July, admitted the breakup hit him hard

Musk, who has been married twice before, continued the interview discussing his desire for a long-term partner.

'I'm looking for a long-term relationship. I'm not looking for a one-night stand. I'm looking for a serious companion or soulmate, that kind of thing,' the tech-magnate said.

'If I'm not in love, if I'm not with a long-term companion, I cannot be happy.'

Musk, who has five children with his first wife Justine, got emotional as he spoke of going to sleep alone.

'I will never be happy without having someone. Going to sleep alone kills me,' he said.

'I'm looking for a long-term relationship. I'm not looking for a one-night stand. I'm looking for a serious companion or soulmate, that kind of thing.' he explained to Rolling Stone. He is pictured with Amber in May

Elon dated the Aquaman actress for around a year following her acrimonious split from Johnny Depp. The star is pictured on Wednesday at the GQ Men of The Year Awards in Sydney

'It's not like I don't know what that feels like: Being in a big empty house, and the footsteps echoing through the hallway, no one there – and no one on the pillow next to you. How do you make yourself happy in a situation like that?

'When I was a child, there's one thing I said: I never want to be alone. That's what I would say. I don't want to be alone.'

Elon started dating Amber fresh off the back of her split from husband Johnny Depp, 54, - who she accused of domestic abuse.

He had recently split from English actress Talulah Riley, 32, who he was married to from 2010 to 2012 and again from 2013–2016.

The South African-born inventor shares six children with ex wife Justine Musk, 45, who he was married to from 2000 to 2008.

Past love: Elon is pictured with ex-wife Talulah Riley, 32, in 2014. They were married from 2010 to 2012 and again from 2013–2016

