dailycaller.com/2016/10/05/jennifer-anistons-mothers-caregiver-writing-tell-all-book-to-expose-actress/



Jennifer Aniston’s Mother’s Caregiver Writing Tell-All Book To ‘Expose’ Actress

Jennifer Aniston’s mother’s caregiver is writing a tell-all book to “expose” the actress’s “terrible” relationship with her mother, a new report claims.

The 47-year-old actress had an estranged relationship with her mother, Nancy Dow, for almost a decade but had started putting it back together. Following her mother’s death, one of Dow’s caregiver says she was there for many of the fights between the two and now she’s going to share what she heard and knows in a new book, according to In Touch Weekly. (RELATED: Jennifer Aniston UNLOADS On The Media For Speculating That She’s Pregnant)

“The caregiver was present for the few phone calls and even fewer meetings between Jen and Nancy,” a source told the outlet. “She wants to expose the real Jennifer Aniston.”

“Nancy was so sick and lonely,” the source said according to another report. “Everyone knows that she and Nancy had a horrible relationship. She was an absentee daughter and now, even with Nancy gone, it seems that she still doesn’t want her mom around.” (RELATED: Jennifer Aniston, Black Dress, No Bra — That’s Quite A Combination)

“The world sees Jen as adorable Rachel from Friends, but the real story is more like reversed Mommie Dearest.”

In 1996 the actress cut ties with her mother after Dow gave a tabloid an interview. She followed that up with a memoir called “From Mother and Daughter to Friends: A Memoir” about their relationship.

Last year, Aniston talked about their relationship in an interview with the Hollywood Reporter.

“She had a temper,” Aniston said. “I can’t tolerate that. If I get upset, I will discuss [things]. I will never scream and get hysterical like that.”

“[But] I was never taught that I could scream,” she added. “One time, I raised my voice to my mother, and I screamed at her, and she looked at me and burst out laughing. She was laughing at me [for] screaming back. And it was like a punch in my stomach.”

“She was critical,” she continued. “She was very critical of me. Because she was a model, she was gorgeous, stunning.”

“I wasn’t,” she said. “I never was. I honestly still don’t think of myself in that sort of light, which is fine. She was also very unforgiving. She would hold grudges that I just found so petty.”

