www.seventeen.com/celebrity/celebrity-couples/a13957810/why-justin-bieber-and-selena-gomez-didnt-spend-thanksgiving-together/

Noelle Devoe, Entertainment Editor, When I'M Not Holed Up In My Room Going On A Completely Unproductive Netflix Binge Or Tumblr Stalking Timothée Chalomet, I'M Searching For Awesome Celeb News Stories That Seventeen Readers Will Love

The Real Reason Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Didn't Spend Thanksgiving Together

Although Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber have been pretty much inseperable over the past month ever since they reunited in October, the pair spent Thanksgiving apart.

Justin spent the holiday playing hockey with some high school students in his home country of Canada, while Selena spent the day with family in her home state of Texas.

So, why did Jelena decide to spend the holidays apart? Is there trouble in paradise already?

Nope. There's that's definitely not what's happening here. “They are still doing really well together," a source close to the couple told E! News. "They agreed it was best for them to be with their families for the holiday.”

Apparently, Sel decided having a joint Thanksgiving would be jumping the gun this early on in their rekindled relationship. “Selena felt it was too soon for Justin to come to Texas with her,” another insider added. “Her family is still getting comfortable with the idea of them back together.”

Fair enough. After all, the pair are still in their honeymoon phase. It makes sense to wait a while before getting family involved.

Despite spending the holidays apart, Justin and Selena reportedly stayed in touch the whole time through FaceTime. Justin is hoping he could get an invite to a future family holiday with Sel in the future.

“Justin says he hopes he can spend Christmas with her but knows that it will take a very long time for her family to accept him back in,” the source shared.

The Jelena army is crossing their fingers for you, Justin!

Noelle Devoe is the Entertainment Web Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram!

