www.glamour.com/story/ryan-reynolds-responded-again-to-rumors-of-blake-lively-split

Condé Nast, Christopher Ros

Ryan Reynolds Responded to Rumors He and Blake Lively Are Splitting With a Mom Joke

In my mind, Ryan Reynolds is home right now, casually wearing his Green Lantern costume (R.I.P.), and laughing into his phone about these rumors that he and Blake Lively are breaking up. Maybe I'm right. Maybe I'm not, and the Green Lantern costume's long gone. One thing's for sure, though: He definitely isn't taking the recent stories about himself and Lively seriously. Example: When one outlet tweeted that Reynolds and Lively were struggling to spend "quality time" together, he responded with something cheeky, as he's apt to do. "I wish. I could use a little 'me time,'" he said.

And now he's at it again—this time with a joke about his mother, Tammy Reynolds. The Deadpool actor couldn't help but play dumb when Yahoo! Entertainment tweeted a photo of him, Lively, and Tammy and captioned it, "Ryan Reynolds (@vancityreynolds) joins Blake Lively and his mom on red carpet after shutting down split rumors."

"We’re never splitting. She’ll always be my mom," Reynolds said. "No matter how much jazz-cabbage she smokes with her rollerblading friends."

Ahhh, we see what he did there. Don't out-troll the King of Trolling himself, my friends. Check out Reynolds' response for yourself, below:

These celebrity breakup rumors are typically baseless and come out of left field, so it's great that Reynolds has a sense of humor about them. And in all seriousness: I hope Lively and Reynolds never, ever split up. After Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan's breakup announcement earlier this week, half of Twitter is turning to Blake and Ryan for comfort. The people need a hot celebrity couple to live vicariously through, and Lively and Reynolds can't let them down now.

Related Stories:

Did You Notice Ryan Reynolds References Blake Lively in the New 'Deadpool' Trailer?

18 Photos of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds' Adorable Daughters

Blake Lively's Daughter Is Just as Troll-y as Her Father Ryan Reynolds:

