radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/06/tom-cruise-ends-val-kilmer-cancer-scientology-powers-top-gun-2/

Radar Staff, June

Tom Cruise Ends Val Kilmer's Cancer With Bizarre Scientology Powers

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

'Top Gun 2' Miracle! Tom Ends Val's Cancer Horror With Bizarre Scientology Powers Eyewitness claims Val was healed just by touching Cruise's finger.

RadarOnline..com can reveal exclusively Scientologist Tom Cruise miraculously healed Val Kilmer of cancer on the set of Top Gun 2!

Eyewitnesses on the set — starring both Val and Tom — told Radar Tom accomplished the incredible feat by using a flaky “laying-on-of-hands” method available only to the cult’s top members!

“Tom is a high-ranking Operating Thetan VI member of Scientology and insists he can cure illnesses and injuries with his touch,” dished a snitch.

“He couldn’t wait to use his hands-on approach on Val. It was very simple. Tom used the ‘touch assist’ method by touching Val and instructing him to ‘feel my finger.’

“Tom ended the bizarre session by saying, ‘End of assist.’ And poof! Val started to feel a whole lot better.

“Some may say it’s mind over matter, but Val is saying Tom’s a miracle worker!”

As Radar reported, Val has been grappling with a years-long cancer nightmare that’s left him a wasted shell.

The Tombstone star, 58, repeatedly denied he was ill, but swaddled himself in scarves and bandannas in a desperate bid to conceal the ravages of a throat tumor.

Val finally fessed up to the illness — and insiders are struck by the irony that The Doors star, a devout Christian Scientist who relied on the power of prayer to heal his body, was cured through Tom’s magic touch.

“Val agrees he’s feeling great since Tom used his spiritual powers on him. It’s made them closer,” dished a source.

“They sit and chat about their kids, art and movies. Val’s shown Tom some of his artwork and Tom’s encouraged him to do more. They’re the best of friends now.”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

