hollywoodlife.com/2017/09/07/tom-cruise-katie-holmes-jamie-foxx-relationship-dating-betrayed/

Beth Shilliday, Senior Evening Writer

Tom Cruise Feels ‘Betrayed’ By Katie Holmes & Jamie Foxx’s Secret Romance

It always hurts if an ex ends up with one of your friends, but it’s especially painful when everyone involved is famous! We’ve got EXCLUSIVE details on how Tom Cruise is feeling so betrayed by Jamie Foxx dating his ex-wife Katie Holmes, according to a source.

We’ve got a bro-code violation going on! Tom Cruise, 55, and Jamie Foxx, 49, were once pals, as the megastar recruited the actor to star with him in 2004’s action film Collateral. They remained friendly up until the Annie star began dating Katie Holmes, 38, just a year after she divorced Tom in 2012 in such a dramatic way. Four years later, Holmes and Foxx have finally taken their romance out into the open, but the Mission: Impossible star has aware that they were a couple for some time and isn’t thrilled that his friend would date his former wife.

HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “Tom has known about Katie and Jamie’s secret relationship since the beginning and it has always bothered him that they were hooking up. While Katie and Jamie did their best to keep things a secret from the world, Tom is too well-connected and found out about them shortly after their romance began,” a source close to Tom tellsEXCLUSIVELY. See pics of Tom and Katie’s marriage in photos, here

“Tom is shocked and upset that Katie is dating a costar he once considered a close friend. He feels betrayed by both of them,” our insider adds. Katie broke away from Tom and the Church of Scientology in such a public way, serving him with divorce papers in June of 2012 when he was away on location in Iceland filming a movie. While she and daughter Suri, now 11, remained holed up in New York for months, Katie started going to more social events in 2013, and it was in August of that year that she met Jamie at a Hamptons gala.

The two were rumored to be secretly dating on the down-low for four years now , apparently out of respect for Tom by not making their relationship public and going to great lengths to never be photographed together. But now that over five years have passed since she filed for divorce, the couple apparently were less careful about keeping the romance out of the public eye. They were spotted over Labor Day weekend holding hands together while walking down the beach in Malibu and didn’t appear to care that the paparazzi captured the PDA.

HollywoodLifers, do you think now that they’re out in the open as a couple, Katie and Jamie will start attending events together?

