hollywoodlife.com/2017/03/30/liam-payne-why-baby-name-secret-cheryl-son-privacy/

Kathleen Harper, Celebrity Baeditor

Liam Payne & Cheryl ‘Relishing’ Every Private Minute With Son: Why They’re Keeping Name Secret

Liam Payne & Cheryl welcomed their precious baby boy over one week ago. But, as far as the public knows, the newborn still doesn’t have a name! HollywoodLife.com learned EXCLUSIVELY that’s actually for a very good reason though. Find out what all the secrecy is about here!

Now that Liam Payne‘s, 23, a father, he knows exactly what it’s like to want to protect your child at all costs. And that’s exactly what he’s doing! Everything changed for the One Directioner when his girlfriend Cheryl Fernandez-Versini, 33, gave birth to their first child, a baby boy, on Mar. 22. And while we have seen a pic of Liam holding the tiny bundle of joy, that will most likely be the only photo we see of the infant for quite a while.

“Liam is being careful to protect his new family and has no plans to take his baby out into the world anytime soon,” an insider revealed to HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “He and Cheryl are getting help from close family and will not be releasing the name or pictures of their baby anytime soon.” So while apparently the baby boy HAS been given a name, fans won’t get any the details until Liam and Cheryl feel the time is right. Is anyone else super anxious to find out more about the little one?

“They are savoring every moment of privacy and soaking up all the love for themselves,” our source added.” It will be a while before they are ready to let the world in on their private bundle of joy.” Aw! We can’t say we disagree. So far though, what Liam has shared has been both adorable and comical. Days after he and Cheryl posted the pic of the singer holding his son, Liam took to Twitter to express that he’s ALREADY struggling with diaper duty.

“When the fourth nappy happens in 5 minutes,” he wrote on Mar. 27, along with a gif of David Schwimmer‘s, 50, Ross Geller from Friends yelling: “No!, No, no!” At least he can laugh about it, right?

Tell us, HollywoodLifers — do you think it’s a smart idea to keep the baby’s name under wraps for now? When do you think Liam and Cheryl will announce it?

