www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/03/katie-holmes-on-parenthood-and-tabloids

Condé Nast, Hilary Weave

What, Exactly, Is Katie Holmes’s Relationship to Tabloids?

It’s been more than a decade since Tom Cruise publicly declared his love for Katie Holmes in an enthusiastic reveal on The Oprah Winfrey Show. In perhaps an even more surprising passage of time, it’s been nearly five years since Cruise and Holmes announced their split in June 2012 when their daughter, Suri, was just six years old. The divorce was surrounded by rumors and reports, namely involving Cruise’s involvement in Scientology. In a new interview with Town & Country, Holmes made a vague reference to how the rumor mill still affects her and her daughter’s lives—or doesn’t.

“In today’s world a lot of celebrities probably shield their children from the tabloids; in my household we know what they print isn‘t true, so we don’t pay attention,” she said.

This quote begs the question of just how much Holmes, who has primary custody of her daughter, lets Suri see or read when it comes to tabloid mentions (especially involving the two of them).

In a clear effort for privacy, the actress and director has been careful to keep her only child out of the public eye. Suri makes rare appearances on Holmes’s social-media accounts, mostly for occasions like a family birthday party last September and her mother’s birthday in December.

In her Town & Country interview, Holmes said she knows she cannot control the fact that her name will be tabloid fodder.

“There are more important things,” she continued. “But it’s very relatable to me; if people know who you are, they might write about you, and you can't control that.”

Throughout the piece Holmes remained coy about just how private she keeps her daughter‘s life. But she was direct about one thing in particular: her main focus is for Suri, who will be 11 in April, to maintain her childlike innocence as long as possible.

“My child is the most important person to me, and her upbringing is paramount to my work right now,” she said. “It’s very important that I’m present and she has a stable, innocent childhood. I feel so blessed to do what I do, but there's nothing in the world better than watching your child succeed.”

