celebrity.nine.com.au/2017/12/21/16/08/ruby-rose-pitch-perfect-3-interview



Pitch Perfect 3: Ruby Rose reveals how Rebel Wilson stole her limelight on set

Nothing like a bit of healthy competition.

Ruby Rose is used to being the new kid on set, but when she joined the cast of Pitch Perfect 3 she found herself up against a new kind of challenge, thanks to fellow Aussie star Rebel Wilson.

"The thing about Rebel is she'll make all these great Australian jokes [and] even if people don't get it they'll still laugh because she's so funny," 31-year-old Rose tells TheFIX. "Whereas I'll then go to make another joke after her and they're like, 'Mmm, good try, but not quite.'

"And I'm like, 'OK, I'll just leave that to Rebel then," she says, imitating her meek reply.



Rebel Wilson, Ruby Rose, Brittany Snow, and Anna Camp (Image: Universal)

Jokes aside, the third instalment of the hugely successful franchise sees Rose take on the role of a too-cool-for-school (and slightly snarky) rockstar called Calamity, who -- together with her equally cool band -- goes up against the Barden Bellas.

Fat Amy (Wilson) is back along with the rest of the gang, including Beca (Anna Kendrick), Chloe (Brittany Snow), and Aubrey (Anna Camp). Newcomers include John Lithgow, who plays Fat Amy's sketchy father, Fergus, and DJ Khaled (as himself).

"It was so different to anything I've played before," Rose says. "Obviously I've been in prison, I've kicked butt, I've survived apocalypses, I've fought sharks, so it's really nice to have done something entirely different."

Rose credits her church choir days for landing the role of the band's lead singer and rhythm guitarist. (Yes, she sings. And yes, she nails it).

Still, her bandmates, Charity (Venzella Joy) and Serenity (Andy Allo), came with a little more experience: Joy is Beyoncé's drummer and Allo was Prince's protege.

As expected, Rose jumped in the deep end and learnt to swim.

The result? A fun, giddy -- and, at times, ridiculous -- sequel, which sees our beloved Bellas basically morph into superheroes to save one another all the while delivering those signature acapella beats.

Bring your gals and prepare to sing along.

