www.express.co.uk/news/royal/974024/Royal-wedding-2018-Meghan-Markle-wedding-dress-Stells-McCartney-bring-joy-austere-life

Matthew Robinson, Stella Mccartney

Meghan Markle wedding dress aimed to 'bring joy' before ‘AUSTERE’ life - Stella McCartney

Stella McCartney said she wanted to make Meghan Markle feel 'a million dollars'

Ms McCartney designed the evening dress alongside the Duchess of Sussex and expressed her joy at making the Duchess feel “a million dollars”. Speaking on the BBC, Ms McCartney said: “I feel it’s such a private experience. And as a designer and as a woman who’s been married, it’s such a big deal. “It was very much her dress, and I felt very proud that she came to me for that part of the wedding. She got to reflect her in it.” Asked whether the American had contributed her own ideas to the creation, Ms McCartney said: “Yeah, we worked together. When you come to a wedding you don’t just go, ‘here, this is what you’re wearing’.

Claire Waight Keller said she was absolutely focused on making Meghan's wedding dress perfect

Ms McCartney also dressed A-list celebrities including Amal Clooney and Oprah Winfrey

That person has to feel like a million dollars; they need to feel like they own it Stella McCartney

“That person has to feel like a million dollars; they need to feel like they own it." The daughter of famed musician Paul McCartney noted she wanted to bring joy and self-expression to the dress before Meghan embarks upon her Royal duties. She said: “The role she’s taken on, it’s very austere, it’s very sort of serious, and I think there’s a great weight that she has acquired through that and she takes it very seriously. “I think it was the last moment that she could, sort of, reflect the other side of her: the joy and the human within her.”

Pointing to the complexity of the task, the designer added: “I was aware that we had to get the right kind of positioning, the right pace, the right voice. “There was a delicate line, it’s either a thumbs-up or a thumbs-down, it’s that kind of gig.” It had remained a secret prior to the wedding that Ms McCartney was designing the dress for the Duchess of Sussex’s reception, and the designer said she was surprised by the positive response she received. Fashion followers received an even greater shock when Givenchy was finally announced as the designer of the Duchess of Sussex’s wedding dress on the day itself.

Meghan Markle's best fashion moments in pictures Sat, July 28, 2018 Meghan Markle style: The Duchess of Sussex's best looks in pictures. Play slideshow Getty 1 of 65 Meghan Markle style: The Duchess of Sussex's best looks

