www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-5303945/Is-Victoria-Beckhams-style-rubbing-Chloe-Moretz.html

Hana Carter, Hana Carter For Mailonline

Is Victoria Beckham's style rubbing off on Chloe Moretz?

She is a hands-on mother who enjoys a close relationship with each of her four children.

So it is perhaps of little surprise Victoria Beckham, 43, also holds sway with her eldest son's girlfriend.

The fashion entrepreneur appears to have started slowly influencing the style of American actress Chloe Grace Moretz, who has been dating Brooklyn, 18, on-and-off for a number of years.

Chloe, 20, has been spotted wearing a number of pieces from Victoria's eponymous label - stepping out in at least five garments in the last week alone.

She also shares Victoria's love of sharp tailoring and feminine details, with side-by-side comparisons revealing strikingly similar looks.

Here, FEMAIL breaks down four outfits Miss Moretz has borrowed from the Victoria Beckham look book...

Tuxedo coat and blouse

Chloe Grace Moretz wore black trousers and a black tuxedo coat from Victoria Beckham when she attended a gala dinner in Salt Lake City, Utah, over the weekend. She finished the stylish ensemble with a pair of glittery pumps, also Victoria Beckham. Right, the coat on a model

Chloe's high-collared blouse with ruffle detailing looked strikingly similar to one worn by Posh at the Harper’s Bazaar Women of the Year awards at Claridge’s last November, pictured

For an event in Utah over the weekend, Chloe plumped for not one, but three different Victoria Beckham pieces.

She brought a touch of elegance in black Victoria Beckham trousers, which she teamed with a matching tuxedo coat that gave her a longline tailored silhouette.

The starlet also sported a pair of silver glittery heels from the designer, which Victoria herself has previously worn in public.

She finished the look with a high-collared blouse with ruffle detailing, which looked strikingly similar to one worn by Posh at the Harper’s Bazaar Women of the Year awards at Claridge’s last November.

The slinky £325 blouse

Chloe wore a £325 black silk Victoria Beckham blouse to an event in Salt Lake City on Sunday, left. The piece was even styled in a similar way to Mrs Beckham's own website, right

Hours after wearing this Victoria Beckham blouse, Chloe wore another piece from the label

Hours before stepping out in the tuxedo, Chloe wore yet another one of Victoria's designs to a separate Utah engagement.

The actress wore the black silk blouse half tucked into a pair of tuxedo trousers.

The lace-up cuffs add a playful detail to the outfit, which Chloe finished with a pair of playful gold boots.

The pink pinstripe suit

Chloe flaunted her fashion insider status when she stepped out in this ensemble, left, from the Victoria Beckham spring 2018 ready-to-wear collection, right, in November last year

Victoria was spotted in JFK airport in New York wearing a pair or pointed heeled boots, incredibly similar to the ones that Chloe donned for an event back in November 2017

Chloe flaunted her fashion insider status when she stepped out in this ensemble from the Victoria Beckham spring 2018 ready-to-wear collection in November last year.

The striking two-piece pinstripe suit is not yet available to buy but actress Chloe was still given it to wear to a jewellery event in New York City.

She teamed the blazer and straight-legged trousers with a simple white t-shirt.

Chloe finished the look with a pair of pointed heeled boots that looked very like ones worn by Victoria at JFK a month earlier.

The £725 cashmere turtleneck

The actress donned a sumptuous £725 cashmere turtleneck sweater by the designer, pictured, as she attended two film premieres at the Sundance Film Festival on Monday

Chloe appears to turn to Victoria Beckham even when it comes to more casual looks.

The actress donned a sumptuous £725 cashmere turtleneck sweater by the designer as she attended the premiere for films The Miseducation Of Cameron Post and I Like Girls at the Sundance Film Festival on Monday.

Cut with a turtleneck and embroidered with the label's logo lettering to the front, the piece was perfect for the chilly Utah temperatures.

Showing off her fashion prowess, she paired the sweater with a pair of wide-leg navy hounds-tooth trousers.

