www.journalpost.com/enterainment/selena-gomez-justin-bieber-married/



Is Selena Going to Become Mrs. Bieber? Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez could be Getting Married in Barbados!

Do we hear ‘Jelena’ wedding bells? Are Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber finally tying the knot? Well, it seems like they are!

Selena recently broke up with The Weeknd and rekindled her relationship with ex-boyfriend, Justin Bieber. She ended a nine months relationship with the ‘Starboy’ singer.

Selena and Justin are having the time of their lives and it’s only perfect to say that the wedding rumors might just be true.

OK! Australia reported, “the reunited lovebirds are saying ‘I do’.” According to the story, Selena, and Justin are, “more in love than ever, with the pair believed to be talking about tying the knot early in 2018.”

REAL LIFE. REAL NEWS. REAL VOICES Help us tell more of the stories that matter from voices that too often remain unheard. Support Journal Post

The tabloid also mentioned a few places the couple is considering for their wedding ceremony. The venues include, “Mexico, Hawaii, or the luxurious Sandy Lane hotel in Barbados.”

The former Disney star has been going through a lot of ups and downs with her family. As per the reports, Selena does not have a healthy relationship with her mother.

The 25-year-old American popstar and her mother, Mandy Teefay, had a serious rift in 2014. Selena dismissed her mom from the official managerial role and the relationship became even more complicated when Selena’s family expressed their disapproval of Justin Bieber.

Mandy even ended up in the hospital a few weeks ago following a heated argument her celebrity daughter.

OK! Australia further disclosed:

“Since both Justin and Selena want the wedding to be drama-free, without any protests or interventions, they’ve decided to marry in secret.”

However, the news of the couple getting married has been dismissed by Gossip Cop. They stated that the narrative was made up and completely untrue.

The website claimed that if the marriage is supposed to be a secret, why an insider would reveal the news to a tabloid company.

Gossip Cop said that Selena Gomez is presently celebrating New Year with her friends in Mexico without Justin Bieber. The website additionally confirmed that the ‘Fetish’ star will not marry Justin in secret without the blessing of her family.

On the other hand, it looks like Justin Bieber is open to the idea of wedding his girlfriend in the future. When ‘Hollywood Fix’ asked Justin Bieber about his plans to propose Selena, he only blushed at the question and said nothing.

Well, his cheeks said it all and the fans loved every bit of it!

The two have been going on cute dates after the reignition of their love affair.

Well, even if a wedding is not around the corner, we are absolutely cheering the ‘Jelena’ comeback!

