www.goldderby.com/article/2018/the-voice-coaches-adam-levine-blake-shelton-season-14-news/

Denton Davidson

‘The Voice’ poll results: ‘It would be a disaster’ if coaches Adam Levine or Blake Shelton ever left

Season 14 of NBC’s Emmy-winning reality TV series “The Voice” is scheduled to premiere on February 26 with newcomer Kelly Clarkson joining the coaching panel alongside returning veterans Adam Levine, Blake Shelton and Alicia Keys. While the two chairs between Adam and Blake have been rotating since Season 4, this bromantic duo has refused to give up their seats. And according to the results of our recent poll, the reason is clear: The show would crumble without them!

When we asked our readers whether it was time for Adam or Blake to finally take a break, an overwhelming 77% of voters responded, “No! Adam and Blake are the only reason I watch.” Gold Derby user Gloria Horcacitas commented, “I can’t imagine ‘The Voice’ without Adam and Blake. It would be a disaster if [they] leave the show.”

Meanwhile, a modest 13% of our readers think it is time for both coaches to take a hiatus, just 6% want only Blake to leave, and a paltry 4% believe just Adam needs to go. What do YOU think about these poll results?

Between the pair fo them, they have coached nine of the 13 champions crowned on “The Voice” to date. Blake mentored six champs: Jermaine Paul (Season 2), Cassadee Pope (Season 3), Danielle Bradbery (Season 4), Craig Wayne Boyd (Season 7), Sundance Head (Season 11) and Chloe Kohanski (Season 13). Adam has won three titles including the series’ first champion, Javier Colon (Season 1) followed by Tessanne Chin (Season 5) and Jordan Smith (Season 9).

For the first three seasons Christina Aguilera and CeeLo Green held down the center chairs before both decided to take a hiatus. Usher and Shakira joined the panel for Season 4 and Season 6, with Christina coming back for Seasons 5, 8 and 10. CeeLo returned only once more for Season 5. Other coaches to rotate through were Gwen Stefani (Seasons 7, 9 and 12), Pharrell Williams (Seasons 7-10), Miley Cyrus (Seasons 11 and 13), Alicia Keys (Seasons 11, 12 and 14), Jennifer Hudson (Season 13) and Kelly Clarkson (Season 14).

SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s newsletter with experts’ latest predictions

