www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5956831/Nicole-Kidman-51-Keith-Urban-50-planning-baby-number-three.html

Benge Nsenduluka For Daily Mail Australia

Nicole Kidman, 51, and Keith Urban, 50, 'are planning baby number three'

They're the proud parents of daughters Sunday Rose, 10, and Faith Margaret, seven.

And a new report claims that Nicole Kidman, 51, and Keith Urban, 50, are desperate for a third child.

Speaking to New Idea on Monday, an insider alleged the A-list couple are 'exploring different options' and are 'open to anything at this point'.

'They talked about exploring options to have another child, they're open to anything': Nicole Kidman, 51, and Keith Urban, 50, 'are planning baby number three'. The pair are pictured at Alice Tully Hall on May 29, 2018 in New York City

'Nicole and Keith are broodier than ever, all they do is talk about having another baby - it's insane,' the source said.

'They've both made no secret of their desire to have another bub, especially Nicole, and those feelings are just getting stronger and stronger as time goes on.'

The source added that Sunday Rose's recent birthday inspired baby talk.

'They started talking again about exploring options to have another baby. They're open to anything and everything at this point,' said the insider. 'Having baby number three would be a dream come true.'

Tribute: A source claimed Sunday Rose's recent birthday inspired baby talk. Nicole shared this throwback photo of Sunday to Instagram on July 7. 'Ten years ago today our little girl came into the world. You are our joy Sunday Rose. We love you, Happy Birthday,' the actress wrote

Daily Mail Australia has contacted Nicole and Keith for comment.

Nicole - who shares two adopted children Isabella, 25, and Connor Cruise, 23, with her ex-husband Tom Cruise - previously told Marie Claire that she's done with babies.

'I wish I wasn't but, yes, I'm done with babies,' she said in 2016.

'But it's a great time for us as a family because we've got these two glorious children who are five and seven and such a joy to be around!'

Doting mother: Nicole and Keith are proud parents to daughters Sunday Rose (second from left), 10, and Faith Margaret (right), seven. Pictured here in Sydney on March 28, 2017

Family: Nicole shares two adopted children Isabella Cruise (right), 25, and Connor (left), 23, with ex-husband Tom Cruise. Isabella is pictured at Maddox Gallery on February 3, 2016 in London, England. Connor is pictured on February 06, 2016 in Atlantic City New Jersey

It comes after the Hollywood actress paid tribute to the country music singer while celebrating their 12th wedding anniversary.

The Big Little Lies star shared a montage of their 2006 wedding via Instagram and wrote in the caption: 'I'm a lucky woman'.

In a recent interview with Parade, Nicole revealed the secret behind her and Keith's strong marriage is communicating with one another, but never texting.

'We've never texted. That is so not our relationship, which is interesting right?' Nicole said. 'We call. We've done this since the very beginning.

'The reason it started at the beginning was because I didn't know how to text and it just kind of worked for us, so now we don't.'

