www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/news/showbiz-news/where-is-taylor-swift-staying-14758248

Dianne Bourne, Image, Matthew Stansfield, Publicity Picture, Instagram Taylor Swift

Taylor Swift has booked out an entire city centre hotel ahead of her Manchester gigs

Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Pop superstar Taylor Swift will have plenty of room to Shake It Off while in Manchester for her huge stadium gigs this weekend - after booking out an ENTIRE city centre hotel for the week.

Taylor’s team have had the five star Lowry Hotel in Salford booked out since Sunday ahead of her concerts at the Etihad Stadium this weekend.

It is understood Taylor will fly into the city today, but many of her crew and entourage have already set up base at the hotel this week ready for her anticipated arrival this afternoon.

It has been widely known on the city’s hotel circuit that Taylor’s team had booked out the entire 165-room Lowry Hotel this week.

Not least because it has caused something of a headache for other visiting VIPs and superstars jetting in to the city.

That includes the host of sporting superstars and celebrities lining up for the big Soccer Aid match taking place at Old Trafford on Sunday, music megastars at Parklife, and the big fight at Manchester Arena as Tyson Fury returns to the ring.

The Soccer Aid teams have always traditionally stayed at The Lowry Hotel, as it is the preferred venue for Manchester United.

(Image: Matthew Stansfield)

But this year the stars taking part in the charity football match, who include sprint legend Usain Bolt and Take That’s Robbie Williams, are all understood to be checking into the Hilton Hotel on Deansgate instead.

There are also a huge raft of music stars heading to the city to perform at the Parklife Festival at Heaton Park - including N*E*R*D star Pharrell Williams and rock ‘n’ roll star Liam Gallagher - who have been known to stay at The Lowry on previous visits, but will have secured alternative accommodation.

Manchester’s other five star hotels, Hotel Gotham on King Street and the Radisson Blu Edwardian on Peter Street, are expected to be at capacity over the weekend.

It’s not known how much it costs to book out the entire Lowry Hotel for exclusive use.

But rooms start at £169 a night, rising up to £4,000 a night for top room at the hotel - the luxurious Presidential Suite, which comes complete with a baby grand piano.

(Image: Publicity Picture)

Taylor heads to Manchester to perform on her ongoing Reputation world tour, kicking off at the Etihad Stadium tonight, with a second gig on Saturday night.

Known for her global hits including Shake It Off, Ready for It, Blank Space and Bad Blood, 100,000 fans are expected to catch the show over the weekend.

She will have an extensive crew of dancers and musicians for the high-energy show, but the hotel rooms are also thought to have been booked out for use for others associated with the tour including marketing and PR.

The Lowry hotel’s restaurant and bar remains open to the public.

More than 300,000 revellers are expected in the city over the bumper weekend of events taking place across the city.

Meanwhile Taylor's fans are getting excited about her arrival in the UK - especially after she posted a sweet Instagram post yesterday.

(Image: Instagram/Taylor Swift)

Posing with her furry cat, Taylor said: "Just over here daydreaming about playing Manchester tomorrow...."

Well, dream no more Taylor, the day has dawned!

Got a story or an issue you want us to investigate? Want to tell us about something going on where you live? Let us know - in complete confidence - by emailing newsdesk@men-news.co.uk, calling us on 0161 211 2323, tweeting us @MENnewsdesk or messaging us on our Facebook page .

You can also send us a story tip using the form here . Join the Manchester Evening News breaking news Facebook group for a place to read and talk about breaking news in Greater Manchester.

