www.much.com/49-celebrities-remember-49-pulse-nightclub-victims-video/

Allison Bowsher

49 Celebrities Remember The 49 Pulse Nightclub Victims In Moving Memorial Video

On Sunday, June 12, the world was rocked by the largest massacre in U.S. history by a lone gunman. At the LGBTQ nightclub Pulse in Orlando, Florida, one gunman killed 49 people and injured many others.

Since the shooting, a number of commonsense gun bills in the U.S. congress have been passed over. Looking to bring attention to these bills and honour those who lost their lives at Pulse, director Ryan Murphy assembled a group of 49 celebrities to read the names of the victims and share their stories with the world.

Kerry Washington, Cuba Gooding Jr., Sofia Vergara, Caitlyn Jenner, Jane Fonda, Chris Pine and many actors who’ve worked with Murphy (including Lady Gaga, Lea Michele, Darren Criss, Jamie Lee Curtis, Kathy Bates and more) volunteered their time during the two-day shoot.

The emotional video shines a spotlight on the victims, telling the story of people like Brenda Lee Marquez McCool, a two-time cancer survivor who died while protecting her song Isaiah from gunfire. Jonathan Antonio Camuy Vega was killed trying to protect his friend, Yilmary Rodriguez Solivan, who was celebrating her first night out after delivering her second child three months earlier. She was also killed.

Posting the video to YouTube today, Murphy writes, “For too long, a toxic combination of anti-LGBTQ hate and easy access to guns has put LGBTQ people at disproportionate risk of violence and murder. On June 12, forty-nine innocent people—most of them Latinx—were killed at Pulse nightclub in Orlando simply because of who they were. It’s on all of us to keep their memories alive, and to ensure part of their legacy becomes meaningful action to end hate violence. Join the Human Rights Campaign and urge your legislator to support legislation that will ensure LGBTQ people are safe and equal in every community and find out how to support the survivors and families of the Orlando victims. Learn more at http://www.hrc.org/StopTheHate.”

