www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5741367/Jennifer-Aniston-furious-Selena-Gomez-Justin-Theroux-dating-rumors.html

Caitlyn Hitt

Jennifer Aniston is 'furious' over Selena Gomez and Justin Theroux dating rumors

Jennifer Aniston isn't thrilled about rumors estranged husband Justin Theroux is cozying up to her close friend, Selena Gomez.

In fact, the 49-year-old former Friends actress is said to be 'furious' and 'upset' by each new story, sources told HollywoodLife.

'Jennifer is upset over the dating rumors swirling around her ex and Selena,' one source said.

Jennifer Aniston is said to be furious to learn that Selena Gomez is allegedly dating her estranged husband, Justin Theroux

Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston announced on February 16, 2018 that they had separated in late 2017

'It hurts Jen to think that Justin would move on already. To think of him with anyone else, especially someone so young and that Jen has a personal relationship with like Selena, is painful for her. Jen doesn't want to think about it and definitely does not believe it.'

It's not just the rumors surrounding Justin, 46, and Selena's alleged relationship that have Jennifer in a tizzy.

The source told the outlet: 'Jennifer is tired of hearing about all the women Justin may be dating since their split.

'From Emma Watson to Selena, Jen is furious over every picture she sees of her ex with another pretty face out in New York. Jen won't believe any of the rumors until she hears from Justin himself that he is involved in a new relationship.'

Need a breakdown of this sordid love triangle? Here's what you need to know.

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux married

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux are still married. Although rumors are swirling about both parties moving on following their February 2018 announcement that they separated in late 2017, they haven't made moves to divorce just yet and may not.

The couple tied the knot on August 5, 2015. They met for the first time on the set of Tropic Thunder in 2007.

Jennifer told PopSugar she thought Justin was the 'nicest person in the world'.

They met again in 2010 on the set of Wanderlust, which Jennifer starred in opposite Paul Rudd. Justin was dating Heidi Bivens at the time and had been with her for 14 years.

The following year, rumors began swirling that Jennifer and Justin were a couple.

i dont know what i'm going to do if this selena gomez justin theroux thing is real — Will Ganss (@willganss) May 17, 2018

Jennifer Aniston divorce

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux are not divorced, though their statement regarding their separation does seem to suggest that they're headed that way.

The statement concluded with the pair saying: 'We are two best friends who have decided to part ways as a couple, but look forward to continuing our cherished friendship.'

Selena Gomez and Justin Theroux

Rumors have been swirling about the nature of Selena Gomez and Justin Theroux's relationship for some time now. Most recently, Life & Style reported that things between the pair 'have turned into more than a friendship'.

Previous reports suggested the rumored couple were trading flirty text messages.

A source told Radar Online: 'It was kind of an open secret that Justin was sweet on Selena when he and Jen hung out with her.

Listen if the rumors are true and Selena Gomez is dating Justin Theroux thats soooo gross he and Jennifer Aniston separated like 2 months ago and thats a 21 year age difference?!?! why — Leela M. (@leelz402) May 16, 2018

'To be fair they did get on well but he's asking for major trouble by trying to hang out with her so soon after his and Jen's split.'

The insider added that Selena, described as 'not the type to blow someone off who she genuinely likes', has been responding to Justin's texts. The source said at the time that this wasn't sitting well with Jennifer, who felt Selena, 25, was 'very much her friend not Justin's'.

Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt 2018

It wasn't long after Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux announced their split that rumors began swirling about her and Brad Pitt getting back together.

The exes were both thought to be single at the same time for the first time in many years and were rumored to be speaking again. There was just one problem — the Fury actor wasn't single at all.

Brad has been rumored to be dating an MIT professor and well-known architect called Neri Oxman.

Are Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston talking again?

Hollywood Life reported that Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston had started talking again following her separation from Justin Theroux.

A source claimed that she was disappointed to learn that he was dating someone.

'Jen is crushed after hearing the rumors that Brad has been talking to a beautiful, Angelina Jolie-lookalike, MIT professor. Jen has her hopes up of a possible reconciliation with Brad since she and her ex started talking again,' the source said.

'When they both became recently single, Jen thought the timing couldn't be better, and she might have her fairy tale, happy ending with Brad after all. Jen never stopped loving him.'

Selena Gomez hangs with Justin Theroux and Paul Rudd in NYC. https://t.co/6CeCURJACB pic.twitter.com/dPwWAxvdFX — Entertainment Tonight (@etnow) May 9, 2018

Is Jennifer Aniston pregnant with Brad Pitt's baby?

Rumors have been swirling since April 2018 that Jennifer Aniston is pregnant with Brad Pitt's child. The rumors began after Women's Day Australia put out a cover, featuring a photo of the actress from a 2013 movie premiere, that proclaimed: 'Yes! Jen's pregnant!'

She is not, as GossipCop pointed out.

Brad Pitt dating

Neri Oxman, an MIT professor and world renowned architect, and Brad Pitt are said to be dating. In April they were rumored to have been celebrating six months together.

Photos surfaced of the 54-year-old star at the media lab at which Neri works. She shared the snapshot on Instagram, sending the rumor mill into overdrive.

The images no longer appear on Neri's Instagram.

