www.ok.co.uk/celebrity-news/1354154/rob-kardashian-tristan-thompson-cut-off-plea-sister-khloe-true-ditch-love-rat-mum-blac-chyna-cheat

Beth Allcock, Image, Getty, Instagram Khloe Kardashian

Rob Kardashian wants Tristan Thompson 'cut off' from the family amid PLEA for sister Khloe to ditch alleged love rat

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: Getty)

Khloe Kardashian’s brother Rob Kardashian has “pleaded” with her to ditch boyfriend Tristan Thompson after he allegedly cheated on her multiple times.

The dad of one, who is involved in a bitter break up with ex girlfriend Blac Chyna, is said to have made it clear he now wants the sports ace “cut off” from the family.

Tristan and Khloe, 33, welcomed their first daughter True this week amid a host of speculation the baseball player has cheated on the new mum.

(Image: Getty)

According to US website Hollywood Life, Rob has waded into her romance drama, with a source telling the publication: “Rob is pleading with Khloe to not wait until Tristan is done with the playoffs, but to break up with him immediately.

“Rob thinks it is horrible what Tristan has done to his sister.

“Rob feels Tristan not only embarrassed himself, but Khloe and the entire family so he wants him cut off now.”

(Image: Getty)

His comments come after images showing Tristan apparently kissing two women at hookah lounge in Washington D.C came to light, in shots taken while KUWTK star Khloe was three months pregnant.

A woman who is thought to have accompanied Tristan back to his hotel room in New York also took to social media to claim that she’s expecting.

The couple decided to put the drama temporarily to one side to announce the name of their first tot, True.

(Image: Instagram/Khloe Kardashian)

The hurt TV star is also sad to have issued the father to her baby with an ultimatum if they were to make their relationship work.

Meanwhile, E! broadcaster Tyler Henry, who doubles as a medium, appeared on the new mum’s reality TV show Keeping Up With The Kardashians in November, and warned despite being loved up, her relationship was on rocky ground.

He informed his close pal her love life was “not the area right now that’s reaching its peak.”

The mind reader later told how he could spot a clock imagery and added it symbolised: “A schedule or two people’s schedules would not be ideal for a cohesive relationship.”

