metro.co.uk/2018/03/26/brad-pitt-quietly-dating-secret-meeting-jennifer-aniston-7419437/

Mel Evans

Brad Pitt is ‘quietly dating’ as he has ‘secret meeting’ with Jennifer Aniston

Brad has been back on the scene, apparently (picture: Shutterstock)

Brad Pitt and wife Angelina Jolie announced their split in September 2016, however reports have emerged old mate Pitt has been ‘quietly dating’ since rejoining the single sphere.

It comes as he apparently also enjoyed a ‘secret meeting’ with ex-wife Jennifer Aniston, following her split with Justin Theroux.

There’s so much to unpack here.

Anyway, according to Entertainment Tonight, Brad has been dating women ‘not in the public eye’ as he tried to keep his private life just that.

A source explained to the website: ‘He’s very private about who he’s seeing, but he does continue to casually date.’

Angelina and Brad announced their shock separation in 2016 (Picture: Matt Sayles/Invision/AP, File)

The insider told Entertainment Tonight the father-of-six – Shiloh, 11, Maddox, 16, Vivienne, nine, Zahara, 13, Pax, 14, and Knox, nine – has ‘made changes in his life’ since he and Ange parted ways.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘When they first split he spent a lot of time at home and was often very down about what was going on. He was a homebody for many months, but in the last month or two, he’s been going out more,’ they said. ‘He enjoys going out to eat with close friends.’

Sounds like a blast.

The publication added: ‘He is in no way ready to get serious with anyone. He invites his dates over to his house and never takes women out in public. While it’s been a year and a half [after their split], it still feels too soon to him.’

Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston at the premiere of Rock Star in LA in 2001 (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)

It comes following this reported secret rendezvouz with Jen that reportedly also had Brad’s mother quite excited.

It was reported last week that the pair had enjoyed a ‘secret meeting’ which was ‘very relaxed and low-key’ for a nice catch up.

A source claimed it ‘seemed just like old times, but better,’ according to US magazine Star.

An insider has now said his mum is all for the reunion, as she was always a big fan of Jen’s.

‘Brad‘s mom Jane has always had a soft spot for Jennifer, even after the divorce they kept in touch for years,’ they told HollywoodLife.com. ‘She hated the way things ended between Brad and Jen so it’s a big relief that they‘ve mended fences. She‘s so happy that they‘re back in touch.’

Advertisement

Advertisement

Metro.co.uk contacted reps for comment.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Brad Pitt’s mum ‘so happy’ he’s back in touch with Jennifer Aniston as pair have ‘secret meeting’

