www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6039219/Scott-Disick-reveals-Kourtney-Kardashian-planned-reconcile-40s-split.html

Julia Pritchard For Mailonline

Scott Disick reveals he and Kourtney Kardashian planned to reconcile

Scott Disick has revealed he and Kourtney Kardashian always planned to get back together, just one day before her split from Younes Bendjima.

Speaking on the season premiere of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, the New York native, 35, admitted the pair - who share three children - previously said they would give their romance another try when they were in their 40s.

Only twenty four hours after the episode aired, Kourtney, 37, confirmed her split from toyboy beau Younes, 25, after he was spotted canoodling with a model during a 'boys' trip' to Mexico.

Reconciliation on the cards? Scott Disick revealed he and ex Kourtney Kardashian have always talked about getting back together, on the Keeping Up With The Kardashians premiere

Over: Just one day after the episode aired, Kourtney, 37, confirmed her split from toyboy beau Younes, 25, after he was spotted canoodling with a model during a 'boys' trip' to Mexico

Sunday's episode saw sisters Kim and Khloe question Scott about his relationship with Kourtney - despite his blossoming romance with Sofia Richie, 19.

Pressing him on the matter, Khloe asked: 'I have a real question for you, I know you're happy, but do you think in a few years you and Kourt will finally get married?'

In a surprising answer, the father-of-three revealed the pair had spoken about reconciling, explaining: 'We always said we would try to get back together when we were like 40.

Getting it out of him: Sunday's episode saw Khloe ask whether Scott can see himself marrying Kourtney in the future

Honest: In a surprising answer, Scott revealed the pair had spoken about reconciling, explaining: 'We always said we would try to get back together when we were like 40'

'So she's got a couple years,' before joking: 'I mean, I'm much younger, I'm like, early 30s. She's pushing 40!'

Laughing at his words, Kim then asked whether he felt there was too much history between the pair, but Scott simply said: 'Nah, I think it's fine.'

The scene aired on Sunday, just one day before Kourtney's split from boxer Younes was announced.

Their split was confirmed by TMZ, with their sources claiming it was Kourtney who 'pulled the plug' - after photographs of him cosying up to a brunette emerged.

Good sign: Laughing at his words, Kim then asked whether he felt there was too much history between the pair, but Scott simply said: 'Nah, I think it's fine'

Awkward: The scene one day before Kourtney's split from boxer Younes was announced, after photos of the boxer canoodling with a brunette model in Mexico emerged

Both Younes and the model he was pictured with - 24-year-old Jordan Ozuna - have insisted they are just friends, but Kim and Khloe have already branded the boxer a liar on social media.

Kim commented on his most recent Instagram post: 'Nice pics from your ‘boys trip,' beside a Pinocchio emoji.

Meanwhile Khloe wrote, after Younes came out to defend himself: 'Alexa play "Heard it all before" by Sunshine Anderson.'

The pair had been together for two years, marking her first relationship since her split from Scott in 2015.

Back in the day: Kourtney and Younes had been together for two years, marking her first relationship since her split from Scott in 2015 (pictured together in 2013)

Kourtney and Scott first started dating in 2006, after they met at a friend's house party in Mexico.

They went on to welcome three children together - Mason, eight, Penelope, six, and Reign, three - before calling it quits after nine years of on/off romance.

Despite moving on with new partners, both have looked back at their romance with fondness.

Scott recently confessed Kourtney was the only woman he had ever truly loved, but that their connection had simply faded, while the brunette admitted she would have another child with her ex if the 'situation was right' in October.

Family affair: They went on to welcome three children - Mason, eight, Penelope, six, (above in 2017) and Reign, three (not pictured) - before calling it quits after nine years of on/off romance

However, Scott has since moved on with Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, and gushed about their romance during the same episode of the show.

He said: 'Honestly, things are going pretty well lately. This is the first time I've ever been with anybody other than Kourtney so it's definitely different but it's been a really good thing for me.'

However, he did add to his friend Cici later on: 'One part of me is really happy that I'm able to care about someone again.

'But there always is some feeling in the back of me that feels guilty because I'm moving on from Kourtney, do you know what I mean?'

