www.abc.net.au/news/2017-11-25/donald-trump-says-hell-probably-be-named-times-person-of-year/9193246

Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Donald Trump and Time magazine dispute Person of the Year plans

Donald Trump and Time magazine dispute Person of the Year plans

Updated

Donald Trump's long and complicated relationship with Time magazine has taken another twist.

The US President has tweeted that he was the frontrunner to be named its Person of the Year again this year after taking out the gong in 2016.

A short time later the magazine rejected Mr Trump's assertion, saying: "The President is incorrect about how we choose Person of the Year. Time does not comment on our choice until publication."

Securing the magazine's title — which was launched in 1927 — has long been a preoccupation of Mr Trump's.

In June the magazine asked Mr Trump to take down framed copies of a fake March 2009 Time cover featuring Mr Trump that had been prominently displayed in at least five of the President's golf clubs.

The photoshopped image featured Mr Trump alongside a headline claiming his Apprentice reality TV series was a "television smash".

The cover also said: "Trump is hitting on all fronts … even TV."

The counterfeit cover also had several other "telling mistakes", including a skinnier red border, no white border and an issue with the placement of the secondary headlines.

As his campaign for the presidency picked up steam in late 2015, the then New York businessman was hopeful of being featured on the cover as Person of the Year.

He even sat for a photo shoot with a bald eagle.

It wasn't to be, though, with the billionaire missing out to German Chancellor Angela Merkel.

Mr Trump was less than impressed.

In the following months the magazine was critical of his presidential campaign, featuring caricatures of him on the front describing his bid as being in "meltdown".

Despite their criticism, he was finally named Person of the Year in 2016, a month after securing the presidency.

He said it was a "great honour" which "meant a lot". But that didn't stop him again going on the attack a few days later.

"I was lucky enough to receive the Time Person of the Year," Mr Trump told a crowd in Des Moines, Iowa, on his Thank You victory tour.

"They used to call it 'Man of the Year,' but they can't do that anymore, so they call it 'person'. They want to be politically correct. That's OK."

There were also suggestions on social media that the cover featuring Mr Trump was designed in a way that made it seem he had "devil horns" with the placement of the letter "M" in the magazine's name directly behind his head.

Time magazine denied this and posted a gallery on their website of past covers that also appeared to give their subjects horns.

After a year of headlines, the naming of Mr Trump as Person of the Year for a second time, as he has claimed, may not come as a surprise to many.

But former Time editor Richard Stengel was sceptical and tweeted that the photo and interview request does not mean Mr Trump was likely to take out the title for the second year in a row.

Either way, Mr Trump's claim that he was "PROBABLY" going to take out the title when it's announced on December 6 has predictably been a source of mirth on social media.

Topics: donald-trump, print-media, social-media, offbeat, human-interest, information-and-communication, united-states

First posted

