www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5175487/Pitt-Lawrence-enjoyed-late-nights-together.html

Justin Enriquez For Dailymail.Com

Brad Pitt is NOT dating Jennifer Lawrence despite claims

There was a report that Brad Pitt had 'landed the woman of his dreams' in Jennifer Lawrence.

But love between two of the biggest stars in the world seems to be a mere fantasy.

A source close to the 54-year-old star told Dailymail.com that he is not actually dating the 27-year-old Oscar-winning actress.

'It is complely false,' the source explained.

'It is completely false': Dailymail.com has been told that Brad Pitt is NOT dating Jennifer Lawrence after a Star magazine report that the two A-listers 'have an intense connection'

This comes after a report from Star magazine in which an insider for their publication said: 'Brad and Jennifer have been enjoying lots of late nights together. There's an intense connection between them!'

Dailymail.com has also reached out to Lawrence's reps for comment.

Lawrence recently split with 48-year-old director Darren Aronofsky after one year of dating just last month so she is may be single and ready to mingle.

Pitt has stayed relatively quiet romantically since splitting with estranged wife Angelina Jolie in September 2016.

Former flame: Lawrence recently split with 48-year-old director Darren Aronofsky after one year of dating just last month, as the two are pictured together in New York back in September

A-listers: Brad was famously married to Angelina Jolie before they split in September 2016, they are pictured together in New York back in November 2015

However according to the tabloid the Fight Club actor has been interested in the Silver Linings Playbook actress for quite sometime and apparently reached out after her split with the Black Swan director.

An insider for star said: 'Brad has had his eye on Jennifer for years.'

Brad reportedly reached out after getting her phone number from a mutual friend as it is claimed that he had a hard time gaining the courage to call the stunner' but was encouraged by one of her friends because 'he's been single long enough.'

Jennifer had enjoyed a short romance with Coldplay frontman and Gwyneth Paltrow's ex Chris Martin which ended in August 2015, they are pictured in LA in May 2015

Back in the day: Gwyneth is a common thread between Brad and Jennifer as the Inglorious Basterds star dated the Shakespeare In Love Oscar winner for three years before breaking up in 1997, they are pictured in New York in March 1997

The source for the publication explained: 'Brad has been nervous to date, but anyone who knows Jen thinks she's perfect.'

Before dating director Darren, Jennifer had enjoyed a short romance with Coldplay frontman and Gwyneth Paltrow's ex Chris Martin.

Jennifer and the 40-year-old musician dated on-and-off for a year and ultimately split in August 2015.

Young love: Jennifer also dated her X-Men: First Class co-star Nicolas Hoult after meeting on set of the film in 2010 as they were together on-off for five years, they are seen here in Monaco back in May 2012

Gwyneth is a common thread between Brad and Jennifer as the Inglorious Basterds star dated the Shakespeare In Love Oscar winner for three years before breaking up in 1997.

Jennifer also dated her X-Men: First Class co-star Nicolas Hoult after meeting on set of the film in 2010.

She and the 28-year-old British star split briefly in 2013 and ultimately ended a five year relationship in August 2014 before moving on with singer Martin.

Not true: More recently there was a rumor that Brad had been dating Kate Hudson (in LA on Saturday) but the actress denied it during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live

Brad famously split with Angelina Jolie in September 2016 just two years after their wedding in France in August 2014.

The two infamously began dating after filming Mr & Mrs Smith together in 2005. The former A-list couple share six children together.

More recently there was a rumor that Brad had been dating Kate Hudson but the actress denied it during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live last month.

The 38-year-old star said: 'That was the craziest rumor of all time. No, there's nothing true to that. As a matter of fact I hadn't actually seen him in, like, four years.'

One interesting thing is that both Brad and Jennifer were a part of the legendary Ellen DeGeneres star-studded selfie during the Oscars in February 2014.

