www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/kim-kardashian-shares-adorable-video-12855805

Lucy Needham, Frances Kindon, Image, Instagram, Kimkardashian Instagram, Splash News

Kim Kardashian shares adorable video of Saint and Chicago revealing their incredible sibling bond

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Kim Kardashian delighted fans by sharing a very adorable video of her youngest children Saint and Chicago West playing together.

The pair seem to share a very close bond with two-year-old Saint planting kisses all over his five-month-old sister.

Mum Kim, who also has daughter North with husband Kanye West, uploaded multiple videos of the siblings to her Instagram page.

In the first video, Chi, as she's affectionately called, sat on Kim's knee as the photogenic pair for the camera.

(Image: Instagram) (Image: Instagram) (Image: Instagram)

Next Saint wrapped his arms around his little sis and kissed her on the cheek.

In the third clip, Kim revealed the nickname Saint already has for Chicago as he called her 'Jack Jack.'

He also says that his name is 'Dash' and he calls Kim 'Elastagirl,' from the Incredibles movies.

(Image: Instagram) (Image: kimkardashian/Instagram)

After keeping her third baby, who was born via a surrogate in January this year, away from social media, Kim has recently been sharing moments from their private family life.

Earlier this week the reality star revealed Chicago's secret middle name.

(Image: Splash News)

"Chi Noel," she captioned a selfie of them on Instagram, prompting one to reply, "she has your name as a middle name so cute!"

Some loyal fans even noticed the special meaning behind it.

"Wait she is the first to have a middle name and its your middle name omg so dope love it," observed one.

Most were loving Chicago's little scowl as she looked at the camera with a single curl of hair sticking out the top of her head.

