okmagazine.com/videos/ben-affleck-complicated-love-triangle-jennifer-garner-lindsday-shookus/

April

Three’s A Crowd: Ben Affleck’s Complicated Love Triangle With Jennifer Garner & Lindsay Shookus

It is usually seen as a good thing when exes are able to remain amicable after their divorce, most notably Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner, who have been spotted together with their kids on many occasions after their split. Lindsay Shookus, his current girlfriend, doesn’t see their friendliness as a good thing as OK! has exclusively reported that she gave him an ultimatum about their relationship during a dramatic showdown in Hawaii recently.

An insider claimed that Lindsay started to feel unsettled about their year-long relationship after she heard of a secret sleepover in early March between Ben and Jen at the California home they once shared with their children Violet, Seraphina, and Samuel. Lindsay, who has a 5-year-old daughter from a previous relationship, “understands that Ben needs to be there for his children,” says the source, “but she found it strange that he went to the marital home and spent the night.”

Even though she tried to brush off his overnight stay, she couldn’t shake the feeling that “every time things seem to be going well, something happens to remind her that Jen and the kids come first,” according to the source.

Lindsay decided to move past Ben’s indiscretion by flying to Hawaii where he is filming the upcoming movie Triple Frontier. The two enjoyed some quality time together before Jen decided to show up with their children, which brought Lindsay right back to reality.

“Jen and the kids stayed in a hotel, but when she showed up to Ben’s rental, Lindsay was furious,” the source claimed. “She ultimately blew up at Ben, telling him she’s confused about his intentions and yelling, ‘It’s either her or me!’”

It seemed his response was not so reassuring. The source said that although Ben is not reconciling with his wife, he did indicate how proud he is of how hard they work at their relationship, and that he’ll always choose Jen’s wishes for their family over everything else.

The source also claims that Ben is sober, healthy, and “in a really good place” minus the tension with Lindsay. For her part, the source adds, “Lindsay gets that there will be holidays and birthdays to share, but Ben and Jen’s friendship is unnerving.”

Is Lindsay in the right here regarding Ben’s relationship with his ex, or is she overreacting? Sound off in the comments.

