www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/chaos-inside-brad-pitt-angelina-8888950

Claire Rutter, Image, Getty Images, Fameflynet, Rex Features, Fameflynet.Uk.Com, Splash News, Splash, Rex

Inside the 'chaos' of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's parenting of their six children with knives, tempers and no school

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Brad Pitt previously compared the Jolie-Pitt family to like One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest – a movie set in a mental facility.

Earlier this week Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from the World War Z actor after 12 years together, two of which of marriage, and in a statement declared it was for the 'health of the family'.

While speculation has been rife over the differing parenting styles.

Pitt, 52, had previously described the “chaos” inside their family life.

“That's morning time in our house. It's chaos from morning until the lights go out, and sometimes after that,” he said.

(Image: Getty Images)

While Brad might have been joking, a number of former nannies have spoken out about what it was like to look after the children.

One nanny had told In Touch magazine that the six children - Maddox, 15, Pax, 12, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, and twins Knox and Vivienne, eight – were constantly fighting as children do.

They also made with wild allegations that Maddox – who was then nine – tasted drunk wine, and was able to drive a vehicle around one of the family's sizeable properties.

The nanny claimed that the children would quite often ignore bed time rules, as they said: “They have no control over the kids.

"In the middle of the night they're running down the hallway waking their parents up and trying to get into their beds.”

(Image: Fameflynet)

(Image: Rex Features)

By The Sea actor Brad has previously laughed about the madness of the Jolie-Pitt household, claiming that they had to flee to hotels to get peace.

“You got to leave,” he reportedly said with a laugh.

It's been claimed that the family used to hire six nannies for each of the children, with Angelina's brother James Haven reportedly taking on chief responsibility of caring for the children in recent times. Now, the family use two further nannies as well as tutors, according to MailOnline.

The multi-cultural family would often travel the world, some of which in different groups, from visiting metropolitan cities, to war zones and refugee camps as well as visits back to the adopted children's homelands.

(Image: FameFlynet.uk.com) (Image: Splash News)

While Maddox went to a Lycee Francais school in Los Angeles several years ago, the six children are all home-schooled but now, it's been reported that as they approach their teens, Angelina is keen for them to go to school for “socialisation”.

But their unconventional upbringings has raised eyebrows over the years.

When her eldest son, Maddox, was six-years-old, Changeling star Angelina revealed that her son was obsessed with weapons.

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

“He's all into war and guns. So for Mother's Day he drew a machine-gun, and Brad had it made into a necklace, which is really sweet. It's really cute,” she said.

When Maddox turned seven, his interests hadn't changed and Angelina was happy to oblige.

“My mum took me to buy my first daggers when I was 11 or 12, and I've already bought Maddox some,” they said.

Brad and Angelina also have been supportive towards their daughter Shiloh, who has dressed like a boy since she was just three-years-old.

Brad had previously said: “We've got to call her John”.

Speaking to Vanity Fair in 2010, Angelina said: "She wants to be a boy. So we had to cut her hair. She likes to wear boys' everything. She thinks she's one of the brothers."



(Image: Splash)

(Image: Splash)

While Angelina got her daughter Vivienne a role on her live-action movie Maleficent and admitted she struggled to get the four-year-old to listen.

"The idea of doing something more than once and doing it when you're told—no four-year-old isn't going to do what you tell them to do anyway," Angelina told E! News.

One source has claimed that the constant travelling can be a struggle for the children with the jet lag and lack of routine.

“The nannies sit up watching cartoons with the children at all hours of the night, while Brad and Angie are sleeping soundly in another room,” an insider previously claimed.

(Image: Rex)

“Two nannies ended up resigning when Angie was working on the 2008 film Wanted. The nannies ended up working for months on end, around the clock, with no holiday or days off.

“Brad might suddenly turn up and decide to eat pizza with the kids or he'll take them out for the day and totally throw their routines.”

The source continued to recall an incident when Brad and Angelina reportedly took their twins out for ice cream late during a visit to Jordan.

Despite the alleged inside the Jolie-Pitt household, Angelina proudly spoke to BBC Woman's Hour about her children's achievements.

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

“We travel often to Asia, Africa, Europe, where they were born. The boys [Maddox and Pax] know they're from South-East Asia, and they have their food and their music and their friends, and they have a pride particular to them,” she said.

“But I want them to be just as interested in the history of their sisters' countries and mummy's country, so we don't start dividing.”

Back in her Vanity Fair interview, Angelina confessed that they had not wanted a family too big too handle.

"We want to make sure we don't build a family so big that we don't have absolutely enough time to raise them each really well," she said.

Brad has admitted he is "very saddened" by the demise of his 12-year relationship.

In a statement, he said: "I am very saddened by this, but what matters most now is the wellbeing of our kids.

"I kindly ask the press to give them the space they deserve during this challenging time."

Meanwhile, representatives for Angelina - who tied the knot with Brad in 2014 - said she filed for divorce for the sake of her kids.

Her longtime manager Geyer Kosinki told E! News: "Angelina is doing what's best in the interest of taking care of her children. She appreciates everyone's understanding of their need for privacy at this time."

Whilst entertainment attorney Robert Offer added in a statement: "Angelina has filed for dissolution of the marriage. This decision was made for the health of the family. She will not be commenting, and asks that the family be given its privacy at this time."

