www.instyle.com/news/angelina-jolie-brad-pitt-kids-custody-court-judge

Alexandra Whittaker

Why Angelina Jolie Could Lose Custody of Her Kids to Brad Pitt (Report)

According to reports, Angelina Jolie might be in danger of losing custody of her six children, Maddox, 16, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 12, Knox, 9, and Vivienne, 9.

New court documents obtained by The Blast state that the judge in Jolie's divorce proceedings with Brad Pitt is stepping in to make it clear that the former couple's kids need to have a relationship with their dad, as "not having a relationship with their father is harmful to them."

"It is critical that each of them have a healthy and strong relationship with their father and mother," the judge said, according to The Blast.

Image zoom Jason LaVeris

“If the minor children remain closed down to their father, and depending on the circumstances surrounding this condition, it may result in a reduction of the time they spend with [Jolie] and may result in the Court ordering primary physical custody to [Pitt].” (Basically, if Jolie refuses to allow her children to see their dad, she could risk losing physical custody altogether.)

The judge's orders also requires Jolie to give Pitt the kids' cell phone numbers and allow him to call them; they also clarify that she is not allowed to read their texts to their dad. Additionally, Jolie is allegedly barred from being present or interfering with Pitt's time with the kids in person.

RELATED: The Sad Reason Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's Divorce Has Yet to Be Finalized

This somewhat messy turn of events is the next chapter in the saga that is Angelina and Brad's custody battle. As previously reported, the divorce legal proceedings are still ongoing, in part because of prolonged disagreements about custody. Just last month, there was another snag.

“The latest issue is that Angelina wants to film [Maleficent 2] in Europe for months and take all six kids with her for the duration of the shoot," a source shared in May. "Brad is opposed to that and is blocking it from happening. Brad will be filming in L.A. for the summer and wants to see the kids on his regular custody schedule."

Hopefully, the couple can reach an agreement soon.

