www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4768929/scott-disick-looks-miserable-on-day-out-in-la-after-ex-kourtney-kardashian-banned-sofia-richie-from-meeting-their-kids/

Fay Strang, Issy Sampson

Scott Disick looks miserable on day out in LA after ex Kourtney Kardashian ‘blocked’ Sofia Richie from meeting their kids

SCOTT Disick was seen looking glum as he spent time with his son Mason in LA today – following the news Kourtney Kardashian has vetoed his new girlfriend from spending time with their children.

The reality star, who has Mason, Penelope and Reign with his ex, failed to raise a smile while treating Mason to some quality one on one time.

7 Scott Disick was seen out and about with Mason in LA today Credit: X17Online.com

Dressed down, Scott, 34, wore a pair of cargo trousers and a black top, while Mason, 7, held onto his hand.

Their outing comes after The Sun Online revealed that the eldest sister isn’t keen on Scott’s 19-year-old girlfriend meeting their children just yet – and has told Scott to keep Sofia away.

“Kourtney is a fierce mom, and she’ll do whatever it takes to protect her kids,” says the insider.

“She doesn’t want them getting confused by Scott’s new girlfriend – Mason is seven, old enough to understand a lot of things now, and Kourtney doesn’t want them meeting another one of Scott’s new girlfriends, only for her to disappear from their lives in a month.

7 The usually cheerful Scott looked in a contemplative mood Credit: X17Online.com

7 Kourtney with her two youngest children, Reign and Penelope Credit: Fame Flynet

“Plus, it would kill her to see another woman ‘playing mom’ to her kids in public. It would break her heart.

“These past few months have been tough – she’s had to co-parent with Scott, and keep things nice between mom and dad. She spoke to Scott and said Sofia can meet the kids in a few months – and he’s agreed to do things her way … for now.”

Since Scott confirmed he was dating Lionel Richie’s daughter Sofia in September, we’ve seen him taking Mason, Penelope and Reign out in LA – but girlfriend Sofia hasn’t been spotted with them.

Scott and Sofia have been on several loved-up holidays – to Miami, Venice, New York and to the Mexican villa where he first met Kourtney.

7 Scott and Sofia in Venice earlier this month Credit: Flynet Pictures

7 Scott and Kourtney in happier times with their three kids Credit: FameFlynet.uk.com

Kourtney has moved on from Scott with 23 year old model Younes Bendjima – but we haven’t spotted him meeting Kourt and Scott’s kids either.

Recently on Keeping Up With The Kardashians, viewers saw an infuriated Kourtney ban Scott from seeing his kids during a wild party binge, saying: “I don’t want the kids seeing him like this."

She also revealed to sister Khloe that Scott had sent her screaming messages threatening to beat up boyfriend Younes and offensive rants when she went on holiday with sister Kim.

She’s also slammed her ex – who she dated for nine years before splitting in 2015 – for being photographed with “a different hooker every day”.

7 Kourtney's also moved on - with model Younes Bendjima Credit: Rex Features

Kourtney Kardashian slams Scott Disick for being pictured with 'a different hooker every day'

7 On Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Scott was banned by Kourt from seeing his kids when he was on a party binge Credit: BackGrid

The Sun Online has contacted Kourtney's spokesperson for comment.

Most read in TV & Showbiz BRAVE FACE I'm A Celeb's Jac Jossa puts wedding ring back ON & says she's 'absolutely fine' QUEEN'S RULING Jac Jossa is first winner to EVER cancel live TV chats after threesome claim THE ENDER LoU? EastEnders fans convinced Linda will kill Louise on Christmas Day Exclusive BEN AND GONE ITV bosses considered replacing Phillip Schofield with GMB host Ben Shephard kiss it better? I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline & husband Dan kiss before reuniting with kids HUD-SON! Corrie's Lucy-Jo Hudson reveals she’s having a baby boy after Alan Halsall split

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220

