metro.co.uk/2018/08/10/kylie-jenner-birthday-family-mural-includes-scott-disick-but-not-tristan-thompson-7824400/

Narjas Zatat

Kylie Jenner family mural has Scott Disck, not Tristan Thompson

(Picture: Kim Kardashian/Instagram, Rex/Shutterstock)

Kylie Jenner celebrated her birthday with a star-studded cast, a glittery party and a mural with all her family members featured – well, all but her sister’s partner Tristan Thompson.

The 21-year-old commissioned a massive mural to be made of all her loved ones, including her sister Kourtney’s ex-boyfriend Scott Disick and Kendall’s boyfriend Ben Simmons, presenting the piece of art at her birthday celebrations in West Hollywood’s Delilah.

Where was he? (Picture: Kim Kardashian/Instagram)

Nope, not here (Picture: Kim Kardashian/Instagram)

The father of her baby niece, however, was nowhere to be seen, suggesting that all is not well between them.

It may have something to do with claims that Thompson cheated on Khloe, who was pregnant at the time with their now three-month-old baby daughter, True.

To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video

Kim shared a video of the work of art on her Instagram stories, as did Khloe. Neither mentioned the missing sportsman.

Advertisement

Advertisement

The image did feature Kim, Khloe and Kourtney’s late father Robert Kardashian, as well as a host of other close family members.

This is not the first time Kylie appears to have given Thompson the cold shoulder. In June, the Kardashians welcomed Khloe home from Cleveland with balloons that read ‘Khloe and True’ – but not Tristan.

Khloe Kardashian decided to stay together with Thompson despite accusations that he cheated, and instead the pair reportedly enrolled in couple’s therapy to make their relationship work.

Sister Kim previously stated she was supportive of whatever decision Khloe made, so long as she is happy.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Inside Kylie Jenner’s wild 21st birthday bash as she packs on PDA with Travis Scott and Caitlyn parties with Kardashians

MORE: Kanye West isn’t worried about Kim Kardashian being in the same room as Trump even though he’s a ‘player’

