www.metro.us/entertainment/celebrities/ben-affleck-matt-damon-chris-hemsworth



Is Chris Hemsworth breaking up the Ben Affleck-Matt Damon friendship?

Chris Hemsworth, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are involved in quite the bromance triangle. Photos by Getty Images

The Ben Affleck-Matt Damon bromance is being put to the test thanks to Chris Hemsworth.

The "Avengers" and "Thor" star has been trading barbs with Batfleck on social media over which superhero actor is truly Damon's best friend. While there usually wouldn't be any questions about the subject considering the Boston-bred stars' long-standing friendship, Damon has been spending a lot of time with Hemsworth in recent months, especially since "The Martian" star made a cameo in last year's "Thor: Ragnarok."

Of course, gossip publications have noticed the budding new friendship as well, taking things a bit further by insinuating that Hemsworth is replacing Affleck as Damon's BFF. Even though Damon has defended the "Justice League" actor's odd back tattoo, that didn't stop Affleck from taking to Twitter over the weekend to declare that Hemsworth can have Damon if he wants.

"Hey @chrishemsworth, you can have him! I'm Team @JimmyKimmel anyways," Affleck tweeted, referencing Damon's faux feud with late-night host Jimmy Kimmel.

Chris Hemsworth puts Ben Affleck Matt Damon bromance to the test

Hemsworth responded with the obligatory "Good Will Hunting" joke and said that Damon is probably just a bigger fan of Marvel movies than DC. The "Thor" star also tagged Kimmel in his tweet, so you know the comic had to weigh in on the bromance situation too.

Sorry mate not my fault! He’s just a big @Marvel fan, not @DCComics.

How do you like them apples ?. @jimmykimmel the ball is in your court. Choose wisely... https://t.co/SWe7yrHRWW — Chris Hemsworth (@chrishemsworth) April 21, 2018

Hemsworth wasn't happy with Kimmel siding with Batfleck, so he threatened to pull out of his appearance on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" this week during all the "Avengers: Infinity War" promotional festivities. Luke Hemsworth tried to slide into the spot, but the older Hemsworth brother told him that Kimmel would only break his heart.

Hey @jimmykimmel sounds like you’ve chosen your side. Guess I’m not coming on your show this week. Good luck finding another Avenger named Chris. https://t.co/I01PB03QGw — Chris Hemsworth (@chrishemsworth) April 21, 2018

Not coming on my show will be another thing you and Matt have in common! @BenAffleck https://t.co/WVceazwYHW — Jimmy Kimmel (@jimmykimmel) April 22, 2018

Fans don't need to worry too much, though, as it sounds like the "Thor" actor is changing his tune and will show up this week.

You know what, @jimmykimmel ... I’m coming on your show now just to upset you. https://t.co/17EZAlIFQj — Chris Hemsworth (@chrishemsworth) April 22, 2018

