www.news-leader.com/story/news/local/ozarks/now/2018/02/07/celebrity-blog-brad-pitt-and-angelina-jolie-continue-divorce-talks-privately/317020002/

Gregory J. Holman, Published P.M. Ct Feb.

Celebrity blog: Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie continue divorce talks — privately

CLOSE Still working things out. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have requested to extend the temporary judge working on their divorce settlement, a source confirms to Us Weekly. Wochit

Brad Pitt arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "The Lost City of Z" on April 5, 2017. (Photo: Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)

Celebrity blog The Blast reported Wednesday that Springfield native Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are continuing to make divorce arrangements, and they've taken steps to keep the discussions out of the public eye for now.

The news was quickly picked up by national outlets such as People.

The Blast reported that both parties recently filed court documents to extend a "temporary judge" oversight period on their divorce case, allowing it to remain private while Pitt and Jolie continue to discuss dividing up assets and custody of their six children.

Currently, the blog reported, Jolie has custody of Maddox, Zahara, Pax, Shiloh and twins Knox and Vivienne. Pitt has visitation rights.

The U.N. refugee agency's special envoy, actress Angelina Jolie poses with a Syrian child during her visit to the Zaatari Syrian Refugee Camp, in Mafraq, Jordan. (Photo: Raad Adayleh, AP)

The blog cited anonymous sources who portrayed ongoing talks between Pitt and Jolie as "very amicable."

The two film actors met on the set of "Mr. and Mrs. Smith" in 2003, when Pitt was still married to actor Jennifer Aniston of "Friends" fame.

"Brangelina," as the couple is frequently named in celebrity media, got engaged in 2012, stating they did not plan to marry until same-sex marriage was legal across the United States.

In August 2014, 10 months before same-sex marriages were legal, they married in a surprise ceremony in France, where Jolie has family.

On Nov. 5, 2015 Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt arrive at the premiere of their film "By The Sea" in Los Angeles. Angelina Jolie Pitt has filed for divorce from Brad Pitt, bringing an end to one of the world's most star-studded, tabloid-generating romances. An attorney for Jolie Pitt, Robert Offer, said Tuesday, Sept. 20, 2016, that she has filed for the dissolution of the marriage. (Photo: Richard Shotwell, AP)

Jolie filed for divorce in September 2016, citing irreconcilable differences.

Brad's younger brother, Doug Pitt, is a Springfield-area entrepreneur who does philanthropic work with local charities such as Care to Learn and international ones such as WorldServe.

Buy Photo Care to Learn founder Doug Pitt (Photo: News-Leader file)

Related Pitt-Jolie news:

Brad Pitt calls Springfield 'a big place now' in GQ interview

Brad Pitt cleared of child abuse allegations

News-Leader asks Doug Pitt for reaction after Angelina Jolie splits with Brad Pitt

Read or Share this story: http://sgfnow.co/2nJAhPa

