screenrant.com/batgirl-movie-kristen-stewart-type-cast/



Batgirl Rumor: 'Kristen Stewart Prototype' Wanted For Barbara

Warner Bros' upcoming Batgirl movie is rumored to be looking to hire Kristen Stewart - or someone like her - for the role of Barbara Gordon. The studio has been building up a shared cinematic universe in recent years featuring characters from the DC comics. Launched in Man of Steel, then truly kickstarted in Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, the franchise has come to feature some of DC's most iconic heroes and villains. Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Harley Quinn and more have been heavily featured in the films. Still, Warner Bros. has plenty more movies in development.

One such film revolves around Barbara Gordon aka. Batgirl, which was initially being developed by Joss Whedon. Then, Whedon stepped down from Batgirl earlier this year, and it was thought Barbara Gordon's solo movie would be delayed as a result. However, Warner Bros. is still moving forward with the Batgirl movie, hiring writer Christina Hodson, who wrote Paramount's upcoming Transformers spinoff Bumblebee and fellow DC movie Birds of Prey. Now, a new rumor offers insight into who Warner Bros. may be looking to cast as the titular superhero in Batgirl.

Related: Why Joss Whedon Left Batgirl Explained

DanielRPK, the Twitter user who has reported a number of DC-related rumors (though not all turned out to be true), tweeted over the weekend that Warner Bros. is looking to cast a "Kristen Stewart prototype" for Batgirl. His tweet further implies the studio may be looking to cast Stewart herself and, if that doesn't happen, they'll look for an actress in the same vein. It should be noted that this rumor comes from an unsubstantiated source and, as such, it should be taken with a major grain of salt. See the tweet below.

The tweet further confirms what was reported last week, that Batgirl won't be in Birds of Prey, which disappointed fans of the comics' female team-up. However, if Warner Bros. is beginning to talk about who they want to cast in the role of Barbara Gordon, that should indicate the studio is preparing to move forward with it. It's unclear where Hodson is at in the script-writing process, but if she's putting the finishing touches on Batgirl, finding a director and star are Warner Bros' next steps.

While this rumor indicates Warner Bros. is looking at Stewart or someone along those lines, it remains to be seen if that's truly who they'll cast. The Batgirl movie is still in the early stages of development. As previously stated, it's unclear if the studio even has a finished script yet, so plans may change. That said, at the very least, this rumor seems to reveal Warner Bros. is dedicated to bringing Batgirl to the big screen. With so many projects in various stages of development, it can be difficult to tell what the studio really plans to move forward with in the coming years. However, with four movies officially announced, and more getting closer to being ready to be officially confirmed, hopefully Warner Bros. will reveal more of their upcoming DC slate soon.

Source: DanielRPK

Share Tweet Email

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Star Teases Major Plot Twist

