https://web.archive.org/web/20180614205737/http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/names/2018/06/13/mit-prof-neri-oxman-may-have-moved-from-brad-pitt/8BojDV4JJonRWpheA8yYJO/story.html

Globe Staff

MIT professor Neri Oxman may have moved on from Brad Pitt

If

Brad Pitt was, in fact, dating MIT professor Neri Oxman — and there’s some reason to believe he may have been — he isn’t anymore.

At least that’s the speculation after Oxman was spotted in Paris cheering for billionaire hedge fund manager Bill Ackman at the Finance Cup, a tennis tournament of former pro and college players who now work on Wall Street or in the European financial sector.

Advertisement

In April, there was chatter that Pitt and Oxman were a thing after the actor was seen a few times on the MIT campus. The pair do share some of the same interests — she’s an architect/designer who teaches at the MIT Media Lab and he has a home-building organization that’s partnered with MIT folks in the past — and both are impossibly good looking.

Get The Weekender in your inbox: The Globe's top picks for what to see and do each weekend, in Boston and beyond. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here

At the time, their relationship was “best described as a professional friendship. . . . Their friendship has not turned into romance . . . as both are cautious,” an unnamed source told the New York Post.

Just two weeks ago, Radar reported that Pitt, who’s separated from wife Angelina Jolie, is “absolutely in love” with Oxman and preparing to introduce her to his children.

Now, though, Oxman seems to be on Team Ackman. The Post reports that Oxman and Ackman, who got divorced last year, were “openly affectionate” during the tennis tournament and later attended a party together.

“Bill won his match, and has won the girl,” a source told the tabloid. “Brad Pitt will need to up his tennis game — and his educational degrees — if he wants such a super impressive, and highly intellectual woman.”

Advertisement

Ackman knows his way around Cambridge, too, having received a BA in history from Harvard and MBA from Harvard Business School.

