www.smh.com.au/entertainment/movies/jennifer-lawrence-bill-murray-johnny-depp-and-the-role-of-the-muse-20151221-glsm3u.html

Stephanie Bunbury

Jennifer Lawrence, Bill Murray, Johnny Depp and the role of the muse

Jennifer Lawrence said a peculiar thing the other day while talking about Joy, her new film for the notably "difficult" director David O. Russell. "David respects me so much that he will literally forget what sex I am," she said with a laugh. "He sometimes refers to me as a 'he' without realising it." For anyone interested in gender identity, there is a can of worms right there: even for the charmingly feisty Lawrence, apparently, real acceptance means being counted as one of the boys.

At the same time, Lawrence's honorary gender neutrality invites some reflections on the working partnerships between directors and actors, which can last through several films or even entire careers. This does not, necessarily, mean becoming one of the boys. Some actors – traditionally women – are recognised as muses, inspiring the male directors who construct scenarios around them and explore their faces with the camera. Many muses have become partners or wives: Ingrid Bergman with Roberto Rossellini, Anna Karina and Jean-Luc Godard and Gena Rowlands with John Cassavetes spring to mind, but the list is a long one.

Indeed, the muse model is so pervasive that it has become one of the defining ways we read films. Years ago, I interviewed the French director Leos Carax about the film Les Amants du Pont-Neuf, which starred his then lover Juliette Binoche. As a student, he readily admitted, he would go to the tiny cinemas on the Left Bank to screenings of old movies by Fellini (whose wife Giulietta Masina was his favoured leading lady) or Antonioni (Monica Vitti) and dream of someday directing a film and having a beautiful girlfriend: for him, the work and the woman were so intertwined as to be synonymous. He had then been with Binoche for three years; I wasn't to know they were going through the throes of splitting up. What was it like to work with someone he knew so well? "I do not think," he spat, "that I know her well at all."

Such is the ambivalence of the artist-muse relationship: it can be scratchy, even explosive. But even in a relationship as clearly collaborative as that between German director Christian Petzold and the actor Nina Hoss, who have made six films together as platonic friends, there still is a gap of understanding. Hoss believes that difference is a source of strength. "Even though we are friends, I always have the feeling that Christian thinks he doesn't quite understand me – and I like that," she told me in the course of discussing their new film Phoenix. "I think the ideas he puts into his characters have a lot to do with him, which may be why he always chooses women. It gives him some distance, which keeps it alive and interesting. And I think I am able to surprise him."

