https://web.archive.org/web/20180525185620/http://www.directexpose.com:80/angelina-jolie-realtionships/

Michael Evans, Jade Wilson

5 of Angelina Jolie’s Most Shocking Realtionships

Most of us know about Angelina Jolie’s high-profile relationship with heartthrob ex-husband Brad Pitt. Unfortunately, after years of serving as Hollywood’s golden couple, Brangelina’s reign has come to an end. With so much attention being paid to Angie’s most recent beau, why not reflect on some of her past relationships? Some of which are likely to surprise you!

Jonny Lee Miller

Prior to Pitt, Angelina had actually been married twice. The first was to fellow actor Jonny Lee Miller, who she met on the set of the 1996 film Hackers. The loved-up pair got hitched six months after shooting ended and ultimately divorced three years later, though they remain friends to this day.

Billy Bob Thornton

Those who recall it may associate Angelina and Billy Bob Thornton’s relationship with her darker, wild-child days. The eccentric couple got married in Vegas after two months of courtship, during which they became famous for their frequent PDA, 20-year age difference, and wearing vials of each other’s blood. Their marriage came to an end in 2003.

Val Kilmer

After starring alongside one another in the film Alexander Val Kilmer, rumors began swirling that Angelina had begun a romance with . The press was quick to point out that Kilmer, age 44 to her 29, was the second in a series of significantly older boyfriends in Angie’s life. Ultimately, the fling was kept private and brief.

Nicolas Cage

Considering the immense star power of both involved, you would think we would hear more about the rumored relationship between Angelina Jolie and Nicolas Cage. However, their short 2003 fling was kept so quiet that only a few sightings of them being romantic at parties were ever reported in the media.

Jenny Shimizu

For decades, Angelina Jolie has been open about her attraction to both men and women. However, only one woman has ever been known to steal the starlet’s heart: model and actress Jenny Shimizu. The pair met on the set of Foxfire, and according to Jolie, it was love at first sight.

