www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/3375378/kourtney-kardashian-boyfriend-younes-bendjima-children/

Ellie Genower

How old is Kourtney Kardashian, does she have a boyfriend and what is Poosh?

KOURTNEY Kardashian is the eldest of the Kardashian dynasty and a mother of three.

Here is everything you need to know about her previous boyfriends and website Poosh...

4 Kourtney Kardashian is the eldest of Kris Jenner's six children Credit: Getty Images - Getty

How old is Kourtney Kardashian?

Kourtney Mary Kardashian, 40, was born on April 18, 1979, and is the eldest daughter of Robert Kardashian and Kris Jenner.

Her full siblings are Kim, Khloe and Rob - and she also has two half-sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner from mum Kris's marriage to Caitlyn Jenner (previously known as Bruce).

Before hitting the big time with the family reality show, Kourtney studied Theatre Arts and Spanish at the University Of Arizona.

Kourtney first tasted TV fame in 2005 series Filthy Rich: Cattle Drive.

Just two years later, a sex tape made by sister Kim and rapper Ray J was leaked, which led to family notoriety and reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians.

She's since appeared on spin-off shows Kourtney & Khloe Take Miami, Kourtney & Kim Take New York and Kourtney & Khloe Take The Hamptons.

In 2017, Kourtney launched her first solo fashion line as part of a collaboration with the site PrettyLittleThing.

4 Kourtney is close to younger sisters Kim and Khloe Credit: Getty - Contributor

When did Kourtney Kardashian split from Younes Bendjima? Who is she dating now?

Kourtney split from her boyfriend Younes Bendjima (a boxer and model from Algeria) in August 2018 following an 18 month romance.

The pair made a rare appearance in public in May 2017 and reportedly started dating in October 2016.

They were first snapped together as they left a hotel in Paris in December 2016.

Kourtney previously had an on-off relationship with Scott Disick, the father of her three children, which spanned from 2006-2015 and involved three break-ups.

Her ex is currently dating Sofia Richie, who she is now close to despite an alleged rocky start between them when the model first began seeing Scott.

The Keeping Up With The Kardashian star was believed to have romanced Justin Bieber in 2016.

Justin appeared to confirm the rumours during an interview with The Bert Show that year.

When asked about the beauty, he said: "I'm being used, man. What can I say?"

In September 2018 it was reported Kourtney had been dating social influencer and actor Luka Sabbat.

Though it seems that the star is currently single.

4 Kourtney launched her website, Poosh in April, 2019 Credit: Instagram

What is Poosh, Kourtney Kardashian's website?

The brunette stunner launched her brand new lifestyle website in April, 2019 after weeks of teasing her social media followers.

Kourtney, who is often dubbed the 'healthy' Kardashian, writes much of the content on the site.

At times, she also ropes in her famous relatives, with a video interview between her and Kris Jenner on the page.

Her website combines all things to do with health, life style, home and entertainment.

Also, she regularly uses it as a platform to plug some of the many products and services she uses.

4 Kourtney pictured with Scott and his new girlfriend Sofia Credit: Instagram

MORE KARDASHIAN NEWS KOURT OUT Kim Kardashian threatens to fire Kourtney from Keeping Up With The Kardashians FESTIVE PERIOD Kim Kardashian ridiculed for Christmas decorations that 'look like tampons' PARK LIFE Inside Kim K's unbelievable Jurassic Park themed party for Saint's 4th birthday KOURT OUT Kourtney slams, 'disrespectful' Khloe & Kim for making her talk about love life SNOW BUNNY Kylie Jenner's $16k snow wardrobe with rabbit fur scarves & lamb skin gloves ‘FORGIVENESS IS A STRENGTH’ Khloé Kardashian hits out at trolls as ex tries to win her back

How many kids does Kourtney Kardashian have?

Kourtney has three children with her ex Scott Disick.

The couple split back in 2015 and despite numerous rumours, things are said to be firmly off between them.

However, they amicably co-parent their three children Mason, 8, Penelope, 6, and Reign, 3.

