https://web.archive.org/web/20170922031842/http://www.msn.com:80/en-us/tv/celebrity/ariel-winter-slams-media-body-shamers-in-twitter-rant/ar-AAscESa?



Ariel Winter Slams Media, Body Shamers In Twitter Rant

© Gossip Cop (Getty Images)

Ariel Winter slammed the media and body shamers in a lengthy Twitter rant on Monday night. The star, who recently opened up to The Hollywood Reporter about her estranged relationship with her mother, also defended her interview after it sparked some backlash online.



In a series of tweets posted late Monday night, the “Modern Family” actress wrote, “Rant – Something I wish people would realize… I am NOT trying to be featured on Snapchat, I am not trying to be pap’d everywhere I go, I am literally just LIVING and unfortunately, I can’t do that without paparazzi following me around everyday. I’m not trying to show you my a-- in shorts when I go to the grocery store. I’m trying to live my life. People wear shorts. People have wardrobe malfunctions. No one is perfect.”

Winter continued, “I don’t know what to wear everyday so I look ‘appropriate’ and ‘fashionable.’ Also, screw to always having to look appropriate and fashionable. For what? Society? Who gets to decide what is appropriate and fashionable? I wear what I like and no one should fault me for that. I don’t want people to constantly see me in the news for going to dinner, or grocery shopping, or anything. I want to be in the news when I ASK for it by going to a publicized event. So trust me, I don’t want to see me in shorts putting water in my car every single d--- day as much as you don’t.”

She went on to address the cruel criticism she received after her interview with The Hollywood Reporter, in which she spoke openly about being sexualized by her mother at a young age. “I’d also like to address the tweets I get saying ‘you accused your own mother of sexualizing you yet you’re a w----.’ I was a CHILD being dressed like I was 24. I was 8-13 years old. I wasn’t an ADULT as I am now. As a child, you do what you’re told regardless of what is good for you,” Winter said. The star added, “Just because I DECIDE to show my body occasionally doesn’t mean I’m unintelligent or that I’m talentless or that I have no self respect.”

As Gossip Cop reported, Winter slammed the suggestion that she was “asking for it” by posting a photo on Instagram of herself wearing a bikini while on a boat with her nieces in 2015. After she uploaded the picture on social media, the comments section soon filled with remarks criticizing the actress’s body. Winter later wrote, “It sickens me to think at 17 years old, a photo of myself with my nieces is suggesting that I’m ‘asking for it.’ Celebrate you and don’t let anyone’s comments allow you to think less of yourself. Us girls have to stick together!!!”

Related video: Ariel Winter wore a rubber dress to an Emmy's pre-party, and here's where you can get one just like it (Provided by Hello Giggles)

