radaronline.com/photos/paris-jackson-moves-lives-hippie-hideaway-teepee/

Radar Staff, March

Paris Jackson Ditches Dying Mom To Party With Pals In Hippie Hideaway

Paris Jackson has ditched her dying mom to shack up with Marlon Brando’s granddaughter and other pals in a hideaway high in the California hills, all while her mother Hippy-Dippyhas ditched her dying mom to shack up with’s granddaughter and other pals in a hideaway high in the California hills, all while her mother battles breast cancer ! Spies reveal Paris and her tie-dyed gang tramp into the desert to meditate ­— and as these amazing images obtained RadarOnline.com show, the wealthy and wacky teenager even camps out in a teepee! “It’s a form of therapy for Paris and her friends. They consider each other family, and feed off the energy that’s generated by their intense bond,” tattled a pal. “Their intentions are actually quite positive, so no mind-bending pills or negativity. They may indulge in pot, but that’s legal in California." Click for more on the story!

“Paris is convinced this is perfectly normal and thinks everyone should be happy for her, but there’s major concern over her isolated lifestyle," snitches the source. "Her family won’t hesitate to intervene if things spiral out of control.” The 19-year-old wild child’s foray into the weird follows Radar's revelation that Paris nearly toppled off a New York City rooftop while partying with pals on Feb. 15.

Family insiders have also expressed anxiety over her same-sex fling with British supermodel Cara Delevingne.

The passionate pair was spotted sneaking out of The Glory Bar in East London at 3 a.m. over the holidays — and then heading to the same hotel!

“Everybody is bracing themselves for a dreadful phone call,” the insider said, referring to Paris’ dark history of slashing her wrists and popping 20 Motrin pills at age 15, as well as other suicide attempts.

The hell-raising antics of Michael Jackson’s daughter coincide with a break from her mother, Debbie Rowe. Debbie — the “Thriller” star’s wife from 1996 to 1999 — has battled breast cancer for almost three years. “Paris has stopped following Debbie on Twitter and Instagram. She’s also deleted her comments on Debbie’s Instagram,” said a source. “They were incredibly close for so long, but these days Paris prefers hanging out with her hippie friends like Prudence Brando.”



Tattooed terror Paris — whose vehicle sports a dreamcatcher decal and a sign reading “Good Vibes” — now shares the seven-bedroom “hippie house” in Topanga Canyon with a group of flaky friends, insiders said. “Most of her new roomies are trying to make it in the movie industry,” said a spy

Her new squad includes wannabe writer Alexis Salazar, movie runner Trey Adams, production assistant Baylee Wallace, model Ashley Danielle Craig and Prudence, an alcoholic with one year sober. “It’s been a crazy year and today is not how I imagined it would look like,” Prudence recently wrote on social media.

