wakeupmrwest.com/2017/05/01/kanye-west-bulletproof-vest/

Ryan Brennan, Lindsay Cronin, Steven Kubitza, Rebekah Valentine

Does Kanye West really wear a bulletproof vest everywhere?

Jul 26, 2015; Toronto, Ontario, CAN; Recording artist Kanye West performs during the closing ceremony for the 2015 Pan Am Games at Pan Am Ceremonies Venue. Mandatory Credit: Jeff Swinger-USA TODAY Sports

The Moment Dave Chappelle, Talib Kwali and Common Knew Kanye West Would Be Famous by Ryan Brennan

Reports are saying that Kanye West is so paranoid that he wears a bulletproof vest everywhere. I don’t buy it one bit.

If so, then Kanye West is a lot skinnier than I thought he was.

The report I am talking about comes from the National Enquirer, which stated that Kanye West is “so paranoid he is going to be assassinated he’s made a bulletproof vest part of his everyday attire.” I wasn’t buying it the second I saw it, mostly because their source was cited as a “snitch.”

According to this ‘snitch,’ Yeezus fears that his wealth has made him, his wife Kim Kardashian and his children susceptible to people that mean harm. As evidence, he now wears a bulletproof vest anytime he leaves the house.

When he married Kim Kardashian and had two children with her, he created quite the household. It’s a household that gets a crazy amount of attention and doesn’t get much privacy. With Kanye’s recent nervous breakdown, it’s understandable to assume he might be paranoid of bad things happening to his family.

But a bulletproof vest everytime he leaves the house? I don’t buy it all.

First off, Kanye West can’t leave the house without a photo of him being taken — whether it’s the media or one of Kim K’s selfies. With that being said, don’t you think people would’ve noticed him wearing a bulletproof vest — and asked why he’s wearing one.

A random report that says he does it everyday isn’t exactly believable when we see pictures of him.. everyday. Keep in mind, the report said — word for word — that he “wears the bulky gear even when it’s just out for dinner.”

In addition to that, the report suggests that he is “tortured” by thoughts of what happened to Kim in Paris last October — the robbery. If you don’t know Kanye West, he’s a family person. He loves his family, loves his wife and loves his children. With that being said, why would he only put a bulletproof vest on himself?

If he was that paranoid, we would see Kim Kardashian wearing a bulletproof vest out to dinner, too. As well as the children.

When I see photos of Kanye, Kim, North and Saint, I see no bulletproof vests.

Obviously, these reports of Kanye wearing a bulletproof vest are not true and are aimed to hurt his image. In fact, the only people really targeting Kanye and his family are media outlets like National Enquirer and others that have picked up the story as true.

Let’s just take one last look at a quote from this so-called ‘snitch,’ according to National Enquirer:

“He’s fearful of being followed — but it’s really all in his mind. He really has taken a massive hit to his confidence since his breakdown, and he hasn’t felt this vulnerable since his mother died. He’s paranoid beyond help and is convinced people are out to get him — it’s sad!”

We’re talking about Kanye West. Don’t forget, his life is dope and he does dope s**t.

What do you think of the reports saying that Kanye wears a bulletproof vest everywhere? Leave your thoughts below!

