kardashiandish.com/2017/10/28/kardashians-hired-private-investigators-dig-dirt-blac-chyna/

Shaunee Flowers, Tiffany Bailey

The Kardashians hired private investigators to dig up dirt on Blac Chyna

Lamar Odom spotted partying it up in a strip club — Is Khloe Kardashian’s ex-husband back to his old ways?

Lamar Odom spotted partying it up in a strip club — Is Khloe Kardashian’s ex-husband back to his old ways? by Shaunee Flowers

If Blac Chyna wants to win her lawsuit against the Kardashians, she better make sure they can’t dig up any dirt on her.

Blac Chyna is suing the Kardashians for millions after claiming they have slut shamed her and shut down production on her reality show Rob & Chyna. In response, the Kardashians have done something that they are known for and Chyna should have seen it coming.

The Kardashians hired a private investigator to follow Blac Chyna. Certainly, they’re hoping that an investigator can dig up enough dirt to either prove Chyna wrong or to make her not want to continue with her lawsuit. Whichever way gets this hanger-on off the Kardashians backs is probably okay with them.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BayH3W1FSqS/?hl=en&taken-by=blacchyna

This isn’t the first time that one of the Kardashians hired a private investigator to follow around the partner or former partner of one of the KUWTK stars. Remember several seasons ago when Kim Kardashian hired someone to follow Scott Disick around when she thought he was up to something shady.

That drama played out over several episodes of Keeping Up With The Kardashians and featured plenty of confrontations between Kim and Scott about it.

This time around, it’s not quite as cute as the former KUWTK storyline. As a matter of fact, this isn’t a storyline for the show at all and is something that the Kardashians tried to avoid when Rob started dating Chyna. It’s crazy how much chaos one person can cause for a family in such a short amount of time.

According to Radar Online, this time around, it’s Kris Jenner who was put in charge of the spying. Khloe and Kourtney are reportedly helping their mom with the private investigator and Kim is supportive.

The actual dollar amount wasn’t shared but it was reported that Kris has spent “a small fortune” hiring the best PIs that money can buy in order to find something, anything that will get Blac Chyna off their backs.

“It was Kris’ idea to hire private detectives to tail Chyna’s every move, take pictures and damaging video,” a source reportedly told Radar. “They’ve got the inside track of what Chyna’s doing 24/7 and won’t rest until they see Chyna go down in flames.”

Back when Rob Kardashian started dating Blac Chyna, the family was afraid that it would end something like this. Rob was obviously an easy target and Chyna has shown time and time again that when one money scheme fails, she’s got several other ideas.

This is what sisters are for ❤️ Don't miss @nbcthisisus when it returns tomorrow at 9/8c only on @nbc! A post shared by Kardashians on E! (@kuwtk) on Sep 25, 2017 at 2:09pm PDT

Much like her lawsuits against the Kardashians. At first, it was all about Dream Kardashian and child support. Once that was settled and Chyna got less than she wanted, she waged a flurry of lawsuits against Rob and the Kardashian family as a whole.

Blac Chyna wants to ensure she gets rich off her time with the Kardashians and she’s going to fight tooth and nail until she gets that payout. Likewise, the Kardashians are so upset about what she’s doing and the PR nightmare that this has caused that they want to make sure she walks away with as little as possible.

Want your voice heard? Join the Kardashian Dish team! Write for us!

The war between Blac Chyna and the Kardashians is probably going to get a lot messier before it ends. When all the dust settles and Chyna runs out of things to sue for, she may find that she would have been better off if she had left the KUWTK family alone from the start.

