www.brides.com/story/demi-lovato-wilmer-valderrama-secret-wedding-engagement-rumors

Julyssa Lopez

Rooney Mara’s Diamond Ring Sparks Joaquin Phoenix Engagement Rumors

Even though they’re both massive Hollywood actors, Rooney Mara and Joaquin Phoenix have found a way to keep things low key since they started dating sometime in 2016. Still, lots of fans think they might have taken their very discreet and laid-back relationship to the next level: Mara was recently spotted wearing a diamond ring on her left hand, igniting rumors that she secretly got engaged to the actor.

Mara was recently photographed wearing a huge sparkler on her left hand while casually running errands in Los Angeles. Neither she nor Phoenix have confirmed an engagement, and both of their reps declined to comment to People earlier this week. However, they’ve been dating for a while, and even though they’re exceptionally private, Phoenix revealed during an interview in 2017 that they had moved in with one another.

The actors first worked together on Spike Jonze’s 2013 Oscar-nominated film Her, in which they played a recently divorced couple. Later, they starred opposite each other in the 2018 biblical drama Mary Magdalene. During shooting, they were often spotted hanging out on and off set, sparking relationship rumors. They didn't make anything official until they walked the Cannes red carpet together hand-in-hand a few months later.

“They were talking to one another nonstop,” a source told People at the time. “Small talk between them. Then they went for their car and he’s holding her hand like it was unconscious. Like it fits. They seem a totally natural and easy."

While Mara is known for being more reserved when it comes to personal matters, her older sister Kate Mara recently announced she and husband Jamie Bell recently revealed they had welcomed their first child. She celebrated her pregnancy with a bright pink shower that both Rooney Mara and Joaquin Phoenix reportedly attended. Maybe there was a secret engagement party thrown in there at some point, too? We'll just have to wait for more intel.

