www.nytimes.com/2017/06/09/opinion/lena-dunham-losing-birth-control-could-mean-a-life-of-pain.html

Lena Dunham

Opinion | Lena Dunham: Losing Birth Control Could Mean a Life of Pain

Well, if the Trump administration follows through on its plan to roll back the requirement that insurers cover birth control (revealed in leaked government documents last week), you won’t have to imagine it. The documents outline a chilling proposal that would allow any employer to deny coverage of birth control at any time and for any reason. Women who rely on oral contraception would suddenly be living in a very different reality, one in which some could become disabled as their disease progressed.

For women with financial means, the rollback would be inconvenient and unfair, as other necessary medications remain covered. But for women living near or below the poverty line, it would be disastrous, jeopardizing their ability to work and provide for their families. Birth control pills can cost up to $50 a month without insurance, and in a 2010 survey, a third of female voters said they’d had trouble paying for them at some point. Low-income women who may not have access to expensive surgeries or other more advanced endometriosis treatments will be hit the hardest because they are the most reliant on oral contraceptives to manage their condition.

More women in this country are prescribed oral contraception for medical reasons than for pregnancy prevention. If the Trump administration and Republicans in Congress succeed in stripping funding from Planned Parenthood and giving employers carte blanche to deny women necessary medication under murky notions of moral disdain, all paths to health and wellness will disappear for a huge swath of Americans.

Between 1998 and last week, I’ve been to the emergency room over 50 times with endometriosis-related pain (this makes for some very cozy relationships with fun nurses, but it’s not a particularly sustainable or amusing life plan). Despite my access to remarkable doctors, oral contraceptives and even alternative treatments, my disease progressed to the point that I needed surgery, from which it has taken several months to heal. I had to use a walker after the operation. Even with my attempts to add bling to the item, it was a shocking reminder of what this illness can do (and of the fact that denying birth control isn’t just misogynistic but also deeply biased against people who are disabled by the disease). And yet I am one of the lucky ones. I can continue to do my job as a writer and a director, work directly with doctors to ensure my disease is controlled, and feel the support of millions when I am let down by my own body.

