www.elle.com/culture/celebrities/a21207423/pippa-middleton-pregnancy-announcement-column/

Alyssa Bailey, News, Strategy Editor, Alyssa Bailey Is The News, Strategy Editor At Elle.Com, Where She Oversees Coverage Of Celebrities, Royals, Particularly Meghan Markle, Kate Middleton .

Pippa Middleton Announces Her Pregnancy in a Fitness Column

It's official: Pippa Middleton has confirmed she's pregnant with her and James Matthews's first child in a fitness column she wrote for Waitrose Weekend, a publication associated with the British grocer. (It's the store Kate Middleton was photographed shopping at this April.) Pippa's column, Exercising During Pregnancy, talks about the adjustment with her sports routine during her first trimester. Pippa is a marathoner and generally super active.

Pippa Middleton Matthews is featured in a new column for @waitrose weekend. “Exercising during pregnancy” pic.twitter.com/2rktWaKaFg — MiddletonMaven (@MiddletonMaven) June 7, 2018

"When I learned the happy news that I was pregnant, I realized I needed to adjust my normal 4-to-5-day-a-week routine and find a way of continuing my exercise safely throughout the three trimesters," she wrote in the column.

"I’m fanatical about sports and have looked at loads of books and websites on exercise during pregnancy but have been disappointed by the limited technical information on what you can and can’t do. I found that particularly so during the riskier first trimester. And this being my first pregnancy, I had so many questions I felt were all unanswered."

Pippa wrote that she kept the news private when she first learned of her pregnancy and that unlike her sister Kate, she hasn't suffered from severe morning sickness. "I was lucky to pass the 12-week [mark] without suffering from morning sickness," she wrote. "That meant I was able to carry on as normal and continue most of my sports with better knowledge and, more importantly, professionals to learn from."

"I’ve noticed my body change and weight increase, but through effective exercise and sports I feel that it’s being strengthened to support a healthy pregnancy, birth, and recovery," she added. Pippa will continue to write about her pregnancy experience for Waitrose Weekly, she ended her column.

So it's official: Princess Charlotte, Prince George, and Prince Louis are definitely getting at least one new cousin this year!

