www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2230172/Animal-lover-Robert-Pattinson-reveals-rescue-dog-pampered-pooch-overnight.html

Iona Kirby

Animal lover Robert Pattinson reveals how his rescue dog became a pampered pooch overnight

'I got him a plate of prosciutto!' Animal lover Robert Pattinson reveals how his rescue dog became a pampered pooch overnight



There are many reasons to be a fan of Robert Pattinson, but just in case there are people who still need swaying, he has provided another.



The Twilight star showed how much of an animal lover he is during an interview on the Ellen DeGeneres which is set to air on Friday.



The 26-year-old chatted about his rescue dog Bear to host Ellen – who is also a huge supporter of animal rescue.

Scroll down for video

Animal lover: Robert Pattinson chatted about his rescue dog Bear when he and Taylor Lautner (L) were interviewed by Ellen DeGeneres

Robert revealed that he saved Bear, who was five weeks old at the time, from a kill shelter in Louisiana the day before he was about to be euthanized.



And Bear’s life changed in an instant as he went straight from the shelter and onto a private jet to Los Angeles – which Robert revealed is not his ‘way of usual travelling’.



Once he landed, Bear was tucking into some fancy meats that he was given by his doting new owner, and Robert joked that he had actually turned into a Hollywood diva dog by accident.



Diva dog: The Twilight star revealed that he accidentally spoiled the dog after saving him from a kill shelter

Living the dream: When he arrived at the Four Seasons in Los Angeles Bear was fed prosciutto instead of dog food

He said: ‘We were staying at the Four Seasons afterwards. He didn't have any dog food so I got him a little plate of prosciutto.’



R-Pattz and Taylor Lautner, who was interviewed alongside him, laughed with Ellen about Bear’s unusually long tongue.

Ellen described the pooch as ‘like a Gene Simmons dog’ and Robert added: ‘It’s like a curtain.’

Robert admitted he thought that adorable Bear would keep on growing, but that never happened.

'It's like a curtain': The actor joked with Ellen about the huge size of his pooch's tongue

Smitten: Even Taylor admits that he is 'obsessed' with the adorable dog, who R-Pattz shares with Kristen Stewart

He said: ‘He was supposed to be a big man's dog, but he just kind of got stunted.’



However Bear still gets a huge amount of love and affection from Robert and Kristen Stewart, who he shares her with.



Even Taylor is smitten with the pup, and confessed during the interview that he is ‘obsessed’.



Meanwhile, Kristen has adopted another dog named Bernie, who is a friend to Bear.



Just in time: Robert saved a then five-week-old Bear from a kill shelter just one day before he was about to be euthanized

The actress said during an interview on Wednesday that she has an 'obsession with rescuing the pooches'.

Robert was much more comfortable chatting about his dog with Ellen than he was during an interview on The Today Show on Wednesday, where he deflected questions about whether or not he and Kristen are back together



The cast are currently promoting the final instalment of Twilight – Breaking Dawn: Part II, which hits cinemas November 16.

