radaronline.com/videos/jamie-foxx-eva-longoria-flirting/

Rosa Sanchez, September

Jamie Foxx Caught Flirting Married Eva Longoria!

Jamie Foxx Caught Flirting With Married Eva Longoria After Mistress Drama This isn't the actor's first lady scandal since going public with Holmes.

Katie Holmes’ boyfriend Jamie Foxx was just caught partying with A-lister beauty Eva Longoria, RadarOnline.com has learned!

As Naughty Gossip reported, the duo was spotted getting very flirty during a private dinner with friends in New York City!

“Jamie Foxx was having a night out with his besties, Jay Pharoah and Eva Longoria! Jamie and Jay started off the evening together at Le District before the pair headed off to Eva Longoria’s dinner at Meatpacking District celebrity hotspot, Megu,” an eyewitness told Straight Shuter.

As Radar readers know, Holmes, 38, and Foxx, 49, have been an item ever since her divorce from Tom Cruise, 55, was finalized in 2012. While they had been hiding their love for years, the duo finally went public!

Foxx has been caught in various cheating scandals as of late, prompting fans to believe he may not be that serious about his longtime girlfriend. After this Longoria scandal, what will love-struck Holmes think?

Longoria, 42, is also attached – and possibly pregnant! The Desperate Housewives star has recently been seen sporting what looks to be a baby bump, and while she’s denied all rumors, Straight Shuter’s eyewitness claimed the actress wasn’t drinking alcohol during her late night outing!

“While all the guests drank endless sake and wine, Eva quietly stuck to her green tea throughout the entire night, said the source. “But don’t let the size of Eva fool you. In addition to the towers of sushi, salmon nori tacos, and other showy appetizers, she was seen eyeing the sizzling Megu flambéed steak on neighboring diners’ tables. Minutes later Eva got her own and immediately chowed down!”

What do you think of Foxx and Longoria’s shocking news? Let us know in the comments below!

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

