www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4638124/Russell-Crowe-dating-Love-Child-s-Sophia-Forrest-22.html

Chloe-Lee Longhetti For Daily Mail Australia

Russell Crowe slams claims he's 'dating' Sophia Forrest

Russell Crowe has slammed Woman's Day after the publication incorrectly claimed he was dating Love Child actress Sophia Forrest, 22.

In their Monday edition, the magazine alleged unnamed sources said the 53-year-old was 'smitten' with the budding star.

Taking to Twitter, the Gladiator star labelled the claims as 'deliberate lies'.

Scroll down for video

Russell Crowe, 53, has slammed magazine claims that he's 'dating' Love child star Sophia Forrest, 22 (pictured at The Mummy premiere last month)

Directing his Tweet towards Woman's Day, Russell wrote: 'Dear @WomansDayAus can you not stuff your s**t filled pages with deliberate lies about relationships I've never been in? Thanks in advance.'

In their story on Monday, the publication claimed that Sophia had met Russell's two young sons, Charlie, 13, and Tennyson, 10, who he shares with ex Danielle Spencer, 48, and has the tick of approval from his boys.

'She has a wonderful exuberance and is a lot of fun, but she's also really down-to-earth and has a direction in life, which he likes,' a 'friend' reportedly told the magazine.

Directing his Tweet towards Woman's Day, Russell wrote: 'Dear @WomansDayAus can you not stuff your s**t filled pages with deliberate lies about relationships I've never been in? Thanks in advance

The 'source' allegedly told the magazine that the feeling is mutual between Sophia and Russell, claiming the young blonde 'adores' the Gladiator star and they're 'crazy' about each other.

'I think even Russell is quietly amused no one has realised what's going on,' the insider allegedly told the publication.

Sophia is the daughter of mining mogul Andrew Forrest, who is worth more than $5.5 billion, and who recently donated a whopping $400 million to charity.

The generous donation which Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull described as 'the biggest philanthropic gift' in Australian history, will go towards cancer research and eradicating slavery.

Andrew appears to be family friends with Russell and the pair have been pictured together on several occasions.

Up-and-coming star: Sophia is pictured in character on Love Child

Familiar face: Sophia is the daughter of mining mogul Andrew Forrest, who is worth more than $5.5 billion, and who recently donated a whopping $400 million to charity

Friends: Russell is pictured with Andrew Forrest in 2010

Russell and actress and singer Danielle were married for nine years, before they called it quits in 2012.

She is dating Adam Long, 53, who is an author and cartoonist.

In recent months, Russell has taken to social media to correct reports linking him been linked to his long time friend Terri Irwin.

