www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5788607/Emma-Stone-wears-red-hot-swimsuit-relaxing-eligible-bachelor-Justin-Theroux-France.html

Ross Mcdonagh For Dailymail.Com

Emma Stone wears red hot swimsuit while relaxing with eligible bachelor Justin Theroux in France

His marriage may be over, but Justin Theroux certainly isn't short on female company.

The 46-year-old was spotted flaunting his chiseled abs to Emma Stone, 29, on Wednesday.

Just 24 hours earlier the actor had put on a similar show for 28-year-old actress, Laura Harrier.

Sexy: Emma Stone wore a red hot swimsuit while relaxing with eligible bachelor Justin Theroux in France on Wednesday

Gun show: The 46-year-old was spotted flaunting his chiseled abs to Stone, 29

Two can play that game: Emma meanwhile was doing some showing off of her own in a red one-piece swimsuit that exposed a generous helping of sideboob

But Wednesday was Emma's day and the thespians spent the afternoon together in a secluded cabin nestled in the woods in the South of France.

Justin wore nothing but a pair of black shorts, showcasing his toned torso for his Maniac co-star.

Besides his fine physique, the Leftovers star also showed off his huge back tattoo depicting a pigeon and a rat.

While those two animals juxtaposed might for most people conjure an epic battle to the death in a recent viral video from Brooklyn, Justin recently explained the tat was somehow dedicated to his dogs.

Hanging out: The thespians spent the afternoon together in a secluded cabin nestled in the woods in the South of France

Keep it brief: Justin wore nothing but a pair of black shorts

Watch this: He showcased his toned torso for his Maniac co-star

Inked: Besides his fine physique, the Leftovers star also showed off his huge back tattoo depicting a rat and a pigeon

Obviously: While those two animals juxtaposed might to most people conjure an epic battle to the death in a recent viral video fro Brooklyn, Justin recently explained the tat was somehow dedicated to his dogs

Emma meanwhile was doing some showing off of her own in a red one-piece swimsuit that exposed a generous helping of sideboob.

She teamed it with a pair of wide-leg pleated cream trousers, going barefoot.

The duo lounged around together in their cosy nook in Saint-Paul-De-Vence.

Hidden: The duo lounged around together in their cosy nook in Saint-Paul-De-Vence

Cracking up: They seemed to find each other's company hilarious

With interest: They pored over some reading material together

Outfit: Emma teamed her swimsuit with a pair of wide-leg pleated cream trousers, going barefoot

Talking work: His next role is in at least one episode of maniac, Netflix's 10-episode reboot of the the 2014 Norwegian series of the same name

Coming soon: The series, which casts Emma in a lead role opposite Jonah Hill, streams later this year

They even went for a stroll together through the surrounding dense foliage, Emma throwing on a denim jacket while Justin slipped on a tight white tank top that kept his guns exposed.

Justin spent much of the day before parading around in front of yet another young female actress pal, Laura Harrier.

The duo spent hours performing gymnastic tricks and diving into the Mediterranean at the luxury Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc.

Fancy: Justin and Emma were in town to attend a Louis Vuitton event at the Fondation Maeght in Saint-Paul-de-Vence

Antsy: The actor couldn't seem to settle in a position

Secret: Their little hideaway was the perfect spot to relax undisturbed

Hi there: They were then joined by a blonde neighbor

Justin, Emma and Laura were all in town to attend a Louis Vuitton event at the Fondation Maeght in Saint-Paul-de-Vence.

The three stars attended the same Met Gala 2018 afterparty at the beginning of May.

Shortly after that gala, Justin and Emma were spotted in NYC on cosy sushi date.

In fact, lucky Justin was one of very few guys invited to the Louis Vuitton party that was packed with A-list females, including Sienna Miller, Sophie Turner, Ruth Negga, Jennifer Connelly, and Doona Bae.

Exploring: They even went for a stroll together through the surrounding dense foliage

Bite free: Emma threw on a denim jacket

Sun's out: Justin slipped on a tight white tank top that kept his guns exposed

Motto: His top read 'live free or die or something'

Justin split from wife Jennifer Aniston after two years in February.

His next role is in at least one episode of maniac, Netflix's 10-episode reboot of the the 2014 Norwegian series of the same name.

The series, which casts Emma in a lead role opposite Jonah Hill, streams later this year.

New couple alert? Justin Theroux, 46, and Laura Harrier, 28, hung out aboard superyacht in France over the weekend

Lucky Guy! Justin was one of very few guys at the shindig (L-R Ruth Negga, Jennifer Connelly, Emma Stone, Sienna Miller, Nicolas Ghesquiere, Doona Bae, Laura Harrier, Sophie Turner)

