www.ok.co.uk/celebrity-news/1423759/prince-philip-dead-the-queen-fuming-fake-rumours-death

Nicole Douglas, Image, Getty, Pa

The Queen ‘absolutely FUMING’ over fake Prince Philip death rumours

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: Getty)

Fake rumours emerged this week that the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Philip, had died following an influx of Twitter users falsely speculating he had passed away.

According to The Sun, the Queen was furious with the rumours, and even called her 97-year-old husband to discuss how they could stop it happening in future.

A source told The Sun: "They both agreed there was little they could do but they are very, very annoyed.

(Image: Getty)

(Image: PA)

“It’s not nice to hear people the world over commenting on your health or death, even if you’re used to being in the public eye.

“The Queen is absolutely fuming over this and thinks it’s disgraceful.”

The Queen, 92, is currently on holiday at Craigowen Lodge in Balmoral while the Duke stays at Sandringham.

(Image: Getty)

The source added that if Prince Philip was ill, that the Queen would be at his side rather than away in Scotland.

OK! Online have contacted Buckingham Palace for comment.

Prince Philip celebrated turning 97 years old on June 10, 2018, and officially retired from royal duties in 2017 at 96 years of age.

(Image: Getty)

The last time the public saw Prince Philip was two weeks after his birthday, on June 24, 2018, when he stepped out with the Queen for the Royal Windsor Cup Polo match in Egham.

Prior to that Prince Philip joined the Queen and the royal family at the wedding of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on May 18, 2018.

The couple attended St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle and although frail, the Duke looked happy and relaxed.

Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip are due to celebrate their 71st wedding anniversary this year, after reaching the 70 milestone in 2017. In May 2018, Prince Philip was seen driving at the Royal Windsor Horse Show following a hip operation in April.

