radaronline.com/photos/selena-gomez-suffers-meltdown-breakup-justin-bieber-dating-model-champion-photos/

James Vituscka, March

Selena Gomez Meltdown Justin Bieber Rebounds With Model Post Breakup

Selena Gomez has been acting extremely erratic since her most recent split with on-again, off-again boyfriend Justin Bieber! The 25-year-old singer chopped off her hair and was Baskin Champion! Click through to go inside Gomez’s downward spiral. has been acting extremely erratic since her most recent split with on-again, off-again boyfriend! The 25-year-old singer chopped off her hair and was seen toting around with The Bible before jetting off to Australia with friends last week. RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that family and friends fear she’s gone “off the rails!” To make matters worse, Bieber has seemingly moved on with hot blonde model ! Click through to go inside Gomez’s downward spiral.

As Jelena fans know, the A-list couple decided to take a break last month after spending nearly every single day together since they rekindled their romance in October 2017.



Following their most recent breakup, Bieber, 24, was spotted crying his eyes out in L.A. and was said to be “devastated” that the “love of his life” wasn’t ready to commit, an insider previously told Radar.

However, that didn’t last long! This week, the “Sorry” singer was spotted out numerous times with hot blonde model, Baskin Champion! But according to a source close to Gomez, “Selena is telling her friends that she doesn’t give a f**k what Justin is up to and the fact that he is seeing other women is the exact reason why she ended this last time.”

Although Gomez is said to care less about what her ex is doing, recent photos suggest otherwise ! “Selena has been very distant from everyone and there is a lot of concern for her well-being because she’s been acting off,” the insider said.

“Her mother Mandy was hoping that her breakup with Justin would bring Selena back into her life and that has not happened,” the source told Radar. “Mandy has literally tried everything she can and Selena just does not seem interested in working things out at all.”

“Selena’s friends think that the only reason she got back with Justin in the first place was to break his heart for breaking her heart so many times,” the insider added.



