radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/07/george-michael-biopic-ryan-gosling-michael-douglas-play-icon-movie/

Radar Staff, July

George Michael Biopic – Ryan Gosling, Michael Douglas Sought To Play Icon In Movie

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Wham! Producers Want Hollywood's Hottest To Play George Michael In Biopic Stars including Ryan Gosling, Mel Gibson and Michael Douglas in talks to join film.

George Michael died young — but Hollywood bosses want as many as seven megastars of various ages to play the pop icon for a blockbuster biopic!

RadarOnline.com has learned Ryan Gosling, Oscar winners Mel Gibson, Michael Douglas and Benicio del Toro, along with British actors Tom Hiddleston, Tom Hardy and Michael Sheen are in the running to step into Michael’s shoes.

Eddie Redmayne and Keanu Reeves are also being considered, sources said.

The “Careless Whisper” singer passed away at age 53 on Christmas Day 2016 under mysterious circumstances.

For his biopic, producers are said to be borrowing from 2007’s “I’m Not There” about music legend Bob Dylan. In that film, multiple stars, including Christian Bale, Heath Ledger and Cate Blanchett, portrayed various aspects of Dylan’s life.

“Producers are interested in doing the same with George Michael because he went through so much during his lifetime,” dished a snitch.

But the stages of the former Wham! star’s life are being referred to in “crude” terms, the source said.

“There have been talks that they need someone for the ‘closet years’ before George came out, the ‘toilet sex years’ when he was busted in a public restroom, the ‘addiction years’ and the ‘fat years’ when George was left bloated by his drinking, drug use and health problems,” the insider revealed.

“It’s a huge ask of one actor to portray all that, so splitting the job between several actors not only makes production easier, it also increases the chance of more people paying to see the film.”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

