www.celebitchy.com/574578/kendall_jenner_diplo_were_seen_getting_super_flirty_at_coachella/



Kendall Jenner & Diplo were seen getting ‘super flirty’ at Coachella

Embed from Getty Images

One of my most shameful celebrity “crushes” is Diplo. Go ahead and yell at me, I deserve it. You can tell me anything about Diplo too, I know he’s a total douchebag. I can’t help it though – there’s something about his smug doucheface that I find appealing or hot or something. Sometimes we can’t always explain why we’re attracted to someone. But I would hit it and then I would never tell a soul about it, because banging Diplo is and always should be a shameful secret. Since he’s my shame-crush, I know that he likes women who are pretty young too, which is also gross. Apparently, he was possibly spending time with none other than Kendall Jenner at Coachella. Ugh.

Kendall Jenner is no stranger to getting up close and personal with music’s biggest names. The model has dated the likes of Harry Styles and A$AP Rocky — and now I hear she may have Diplo set in her sights. My spies caught Kendall looking extremely close with the US producer— who counts Katy Perry as an ex — at a Coachella bash on Friday. They set tongues wagging after spending lots of time with each other at the party which was thrown to celebrate the launch of a cosmetics brand headed by ­Kendall’s sisters Kourtney Kardashian and Kylie Jenner. My source at the Palm Springs bash told me: “Kendall and Diplo were super-flirty at the party. There was lots of touching and some extended hugging. They both appeared to be comfortable and familiar in each other’s company and hanging off everything the other ­person said. Diplo was ­stroking her arm. They were in great spirits. Kendall was toasting the launch of her show on Apple Music radio station Beats 1 while Diplo did a DJ set. It was the talk of the bash. Everyone ­wondered whether there could be something more going on between them.” The pair’s flirting comes amid an ongoing saga in Kendall’s love life. Last weekend, it was reported she ignored rumoured love interest Blake Griffin when they both attended a different bash at the musical festival in California. At the party — thrown by Hollywood night spot Bootsy Bellows and McDonald’s — basketball star Blake walked straight past ­Kendall and the two did not speak the whole night. But, on Thursday, they both had dinner at Delilah restaurant in West Hollywood — although they made sure they were not snapped arriving together. A source added: “Kendall has a lot of male interest and isn’t keen to be tied down in a serious relationship. Diplo is an extremely eligible catch and she seemed very ­flattered at the attention he was showing her.” I also hear Kendall is being paid around £450,000 per ­episode to co-host her new monthly radio show Pizza Boys. Should Diplo decide to pop round for a takeaway, they can afford to splash out on a few side dishes.

[From The Sun]

I’m sure some of you will be like “Kendall wasn’t flirting with Diplo because she’s gay.” First of all, lesbians flirt with men all the time. Secondly, Kendall recently spoke about the lesbian rumors which have surrounded her for years, and I tend to believe her on this one thing: if she was gay or bisexual, she would just BE gay or bisexual. It’s not like her family is super-conservative or anti-LGBTQ. She would talk about it and date women openly and it would not be a big deal at all. I think it’s more than likely she’s a straight woman with a masculine energy. I also think it’s likely that she’s the most “quiet” about her love life among the sisters. So… basically, I sort of believe this. I think Diplo and Kendall Jenner hooked up at Coachella. I doubt it’s true love. And she’s probably ashamed of herself and she’ll never tell a soul about the hookup because, again, Diplo is gross (and so f–king hot).

Also: Emily Ratajkowski and Kendall look like twins to me.

Embed from Getty Images

Embed from Getty Images

