www.harpersbazaar.com/celebrity/latest/a19635358/prince-harry-bachelor-party-stag-do-guide/

Amy Mackelden

Prince Harry's Bachelor Party: Everything You Need to Know

With the royal wedding fast approaching on May 19, the world is wondering when Prince Harry's bachelor party is due to take place.

It was reported at the start of March that Meghan Markle's bachelorette party, or bridal shower, had already taken place. According to Us Weekly, her party happened at Soho Farmhouse in Oxfordshire, with E! reporting that it was "just a relaxing day of good food and pampering."

But it's believed that Prince Harry's bachelor party, or "stag do" as the Brits would call it, has yet to happen. Here's everything we know about the royal party so far:

1) The Organizers.

According to Vanity Fair, Prince Harry "has put his brother, Prince William, and his best friend Tom Inskip in charge of his all-important sending-off party." As Prince William is the best man at his brother's wedding, he'll likely be the steering force in helping to plan a night to remember.

Anthony Harvey/REX/Shutterstock

2) The Location.

Prince Harry's best friend, Inskip, has apparently been spotted scouting out possible venues for the bachelor party to end all bachelor parties. Vanity Fair reports that the venue of choice is likely to be a "suitably swanky boutique hotel in Mexico." A "friend" reportedly revealed the the publication:



"Tom is in charge of finding the location. It has to be somewhere they won’t be found and a place they can completely take over. Tom was checking out this fabulous place in Mexico last week and he loved it. It might be a step too far for everyone to go to Mexico but it's one of the places on the wish list."

However, back in January, the Daily Mail reported that the bachelor party was probably going to take place at "Swiss ski resort of Verbier, after royal protection officers were spotted in the upmarket bar La Vache." The Daily Star reiterated this plan, claiming that Prince Andrew had offered the group his ski chalet to hold the party in.

3) The Entertainment.

Don't expect any debauchery at Prince Harry's bachelor party. As most people have noticed, the royal has become "a lot tamer and less of a party boy" since meeting Markle. As such, his bachelor party is unlikely to get as raucous as parties he's attended in the past.

And when it comes to alcohol, Prince Harry is a lot more restrained than he used to be. As Vanity Fair reports, "He smokes less, although Meghan hasn’t yet managed to get him to quit smoking, and he doesn’t drink as much. He’s determined that there will be no repeats of Vegas on this stag do." The royals are likely hoping to keep any parties out of the papers, and away from prying eyes.

