www.digitalspy.com/movies/news/a822669/kristen-stewart-twilight-robert-pattinson-split-interview/

Ian Sandwell

Kristen Stewart reflects on hate from Twilight fans

Kristen Stewart is fully aware she's not liked by certain Twilight fans online, and guess what? She isn't that bothered about it.

In an engaging interview with The Sunday Times, she joked that if you praise her on Twitter, you'll receive some fury back – generally in the form of "f**k her", after her high-profile split from Twilight co-star Robert Pattinson.

"I don't view the whole Twilight blow-up as being generally traumatic. It would take someone with a really unhealthy amount of ego to be upset that everyone doesn't love them," Stewart explained.

"It would be silly to say I don't care what people think of my work and who I am, but stuff is polarising, period."

Anita Bugge/WireImage

You could almost say that Pattinson got the fans in the divorce – but Stewart said she doesn't regret doing Twilight in any way.

"I really never felt bogged down by Twilight. Every step turns you into the person you are, and yeah, [Twilight] shaped me enormously. Not just those movies, but the subsequent effect," Stewart reflected.

Summit Entertainment

[Twilight: Breaking Dawn - Part 1]

Since Twilight, Stewart has generally appeared in smaller movies like her upcoming ghost story Personal Shopper, as well as revealing that she isn't putting a label on her sexuality after further intense speculation about her personal relationships.

Stewart's winning Saturday Night Live debut last month saw her joke that President Trump won't like her as she's "so gay", but she says she was never "hiding anything" when she was with Pattinson.

"I didn't talk about my first relationships that went public because I wanted things that are mine to be mine. I hated it that details of my life were being turned into a commodity," she recalled.

"But considering I had so many eyes on me, I suddenly realised [my private life] affects a greater number of people than just me. It was an opportunity to surrender a bit of what was mine, to make even one other person feel good about themselves."

She added: "When I was dating Rob, the public were the enemy – and that is no way to live."

Personal Shopper is out in US cinemas on March 10, and opens in UK cinemas on March 17. Watch a trailer below:

Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.

