www.ibtimes.com/meghan-markle-not-lonely-frustrated-she-adjusts-royal-life-2658937



Meghan Markle Not Lonely, Frustrated As She Adjusts To Royal Life

Meghan Markle is not lonely and frustrated.

According to New Idea, the "Suits" star is struggling to adapt to the royal life that awaits her. In fact, a so-called source claims that Prince Harry's fiancée is no longer happy.

"She is not happy and is finding things very tough at the moment," the insider said.

Markle was reportedly confined in the palace. The "Horrible Bosses" star could not attend gym classes or jog around the Hyde Park. The only thing she can do is visit Kate Middleton. Unfortunately, the Duchess of Cambridge could not give the actress her full attention as she was also busy with Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and her pregnancy.

The so-called insider added that Markle's "frustrations are simmering beneath the surface." "She is having several massive changes in her life and she is only human. Once the wedding is out of the way, she can start to build her royal career and some of the frustration will disappear," the insider continued.

However, Gossip Cop has learned that there is no truth to such report. An insider told the rumor-debunking site that the claims were "not true."

In January, New Idea also reported that Markle was feeling the "strain" of being a royal. A so-called insider said that while Markle looked composed in the photos, "behind closed doors, the star is starting to feel the strain." Markle reportedly told her friends that she did not know it was the life she signed up for.

But it was learned that the report was false. Nothing is "falling apart" for the future royal. Markle is happy and is enjoying her choice to be with Prince Harry. In fact, she already said that her decision to quit acting did not mean that she gave it up, she just preferred to work with the man of her life.

"I don't see it as giving anything up. I just see it as a change," Markle told BBC. "It's a new chapter, right? And also, keep in mind, I've been working on ['Suits'] for seven years. We were very, very fortunate to have that sort of longevity on a series…I've ticked this box, and I feel very proud of the work I've done there, and now it's time to work with [Harry] as a team."

