radaronline.com/videos/the-voice-blake-shelton-feud-producers-over-gwen-stefani/

Radar Staff, February

Blake Shelton Considers Leaving ‘The Voice’ After Feud With Execs Over Gwen Stefani

Blake Wants Out! How Gwen Came Between Shelton & ‘The Voice’ Execs

Blake Wants Out! How Gwen Came Between Shelton & ‘The Voice’ Execs

Blake Wants Out! How Gwen Came Between Shelton & ‘The Voice’ Execs Season 14 may be the country singer's last on the show.

Season 14 of NBC’s hit singing reality competition show The Voice starts in only a few weeks, and there is already bad blood between veteran judge Blake Shelton and network executives. In fact, as RadarOnline.com previously reported, the country singer may be leaving the show after this year!

And according to production insider – all the drama started with Shelton’s lady love, Gwen Stefani!

As Radar readers know, Shelton, 41 – who has won 6 of the 13 seasons to date – started dating Stefani while the two starred alongside each other on season 9. Although it was hush-hush at the time due to the fact that they were each going through nasty divorces, Stefani returned as a coach for season 12 – and revealed on-air that her and Shelton were a full on couple!

Needless to say, producers ran with that and utilized the two for show ratings by giving them a massive bonus under the condition that they would pack on the PDA for all the world to see!

Unfortunately, they didn’t — and according to the source, “producers felt really shafted because they were told to bring the love, and instead they were unaffectionate.”

“They did one duet together the whole season, and seemed to be more jealous than in love with each other,” the insider told Radar.

According to the source, the drama heated up after season 12 ended, and the network announced that they were replacing Stefani with younger pop star Miley Cyrus, 25, and Jennifer Hudson, 36.

“Blake threw a fit when he found out that Gwen was not going to return and that she was replaced by Miley,” the source said, adding that the star “has been super resentful ever since.”

As fans know, Shelton was not a fan of Hudson either, and the two got into several heated fights on and off-camera!

Now the bad feelings linger, andShelton wants out.

Click on the promo for the upcoming season of The Voice below to see how Shelton and the other judges react to newcomer Kelly Clarkson! Season 14 officially kicks off on Monday, February 26th on NBC!

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

