www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/jamie-foxx-katie-holmes-suri-140171

Anna Quintana

Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Reunited Before Suri's First Day of School

So sweet! Jamie Foxx was spotted paying a visit to his not-so-secret girlfriend Katie Holmes — and he brought some treats for her daughter Suri Cruise. The Oscar-winning actor pulled up to her house with some frozen yogurt, which the girls definitely enjoyed.

Earlier in the day, Katie, 38, and her 11-year-old daughter with Tom Cruise spent the day back-to-school shopping in Calabasas. Wearing a red plaid shirt, faded blue jeans, and oversized sunglasses, Katie kept it casual alongside Suri, who looked like she was ready to attend a dance class.

MORE: Jamie Foxx Complains About His Dating Life — Still Won’t Confirm Relationship With Katie Holmes!

According to the Daily Mail, onlookers saw Jamie, 49, making his way through the same area shortly after and stopping at Menchie’s for the cool treats. He then proceeded to make his way to her gated mansion in his Mercedes Benz SUV.

Getty Images, Splash

Despite being photographed in public multiple times, the couple has yet to confirm rumors they are dating. However, Life & Style previously reported that Katie and Jamie are secretly planning to tie the knot. “They would want it to be a quiet, under-the-radar ceremony in a romantic spot like Italy or the coast of France,” the insider said.

Earlier this summer, the brunette beauty flew out to Paris to spend a few days with Jamie as he filmed Robin Hood, and they enjoyed a few days holed up at the luxe Park Hyatt Paris-Vendôme. The only thing stopping them from taking their relationship public is Katie’s ex-husband.

MORE: Katie Holmes Wears a Disguise to Secretly Meet Up With Rumored Boyfriend Jamie Foxx!

According to Radar Online, there is a stipulation in Katie’s divorce from Tom, 55, that prevents her from publicly dating another man for five years after their split. “Katie signed a clause in her quickie divorce settlement that prevents her from embarrassing Tom in various ways, like talking about him or Scientology, or publicly dating another man for five years after the divorce,” a source said. “She’s allowed to date, but she cannot do so in a public fashion, and she’s not supposed to let any boyfriend near their daughter Suri.”

The insider added, “Katie wanted out of the marriage so badly, she agreed to the terms — and got $4.8 million in child support, plus another $5 million for herself.” Luckily for the couple, this month marks five years since her divorce!

