www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/jennifer-lopez-drake-marc-anthony-124412/photos/jennifer-lopez-dating-history-1-206982

Life, Style Magazine

Marc Anthony Devastated by Jennifer Lopez’s Romance With Drake! (EXCLUSIVE)

Not everyone is excited about Jennifer Lopez and Drake‘s new romance!

Just weeks after the “Ain’t Your Mama” singer was spotted getting cozy with the Canadian rapper on Instagram, sources are revealing exclusively to Life & Style that Marc Anthony is “absolutely devastated.”

MORE: Jennifer Lopez Suffers Wardrobe Malfunction on the Red Carpet!

Marc and J.Lo, who divorced in 2014 after 10 years of marriage, shared a kiss at the Latin Grammys — and Marc, 48, was hoping to rekindle their relationship after filing for divorce from his fourth wife Shannon De Lima.

Marc “has never stopped loving her,” says an insider. “He wants her back.”

Last month, Life & Style reported that Jennifer was talking marriage again with Marc, whom she called “the love of her life.” However, she’s hesitant to get back together with her ex and is currently smitten by Drake, 30.

“She was having major doubts because of the trust issues she’s always had with Marc,” the source says.

MORE: Sign Up For Our Newsletter to Keep Up to Date On All Life & Style Exclusives!

Jen, who shares eight-year-old twins Max and Emme with Marc, “didn’t want to put the kids through the emotional turmoil of possibly getting back together with their dad if it wasn’t on solid ground,” the source added.

Meanwhile, the brunette beauty has reportedly already introduced her kids to the Degrassi alum.

MORE: Jennifer Lopez Shares Sexy Bedroom Photo — Is It for Drake?

“Drake has been hanging out at Jennifer’s new house in Bel Air. He has been there several times and is getting to know her kids,” a source told Us Weekly. “They all have a lot of fun together. Her kids really like him and they know all of his songs. They like having him around.”

“[Drake] loves seeing Jennifer in ‘mom mode,'” the insider added.

For more exclusive celebrity news, be sure to pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now. For a look back at J.Lo’s dating history, click through the gallery below!

