https://web.archive.org/web/20171226021047/http://allthingsoneplace.me:80/meghan-markle-reportedly-feuds-with-furious-jealous-camilla-p-bowles-to-be-prince-harrys-wife/



Meghan Markle Reportedly Feuds With ‘furious, Jealous’ Camilla P. Bowles to Be Prince Harry’s Wife

Meghan Markle has gone from being portrayed as just another one of Prince Harry’s girlfriends to the biggest role of her life: Prince Harry’s soon-to-be wife. In the wake of the engagement announcement, Markle has shown that she can swim with the media sharks by getting tossed into the deep end and handling her new royal role gracefully.

But there are rumors of one obstacle that Meghan and Harry never anticipated, and that is the alleged attitude of his stepmother, Camilla Parker Bowles. Fairy tales famously have an evil stepmother who mistreats her stepchildren, and for Markle and her Prince Charming, Camilla is rumored to be the real-life version of those tales.

Meghan Markle Praised For Rising To Role As Prince Harry’s Future Wife, But Is Camilla Parker Bowles Out To Stop Her?

Meghan has managed every challenge gracefully since the engagement. Markle has undergone hostage training and behaved perfectly during her initial appearances as Prince Harry’s now-official future wife during public outings. But Yahoo quoted sources as issuing a warning about Camilla Parker Bowles’ alleged power in obstructing Meghan’s smooth path to the altar with Prince Harry.

While rumors have swirled for months that Camilla disapproved of Prince Harry’s choice, it was never quite clear why Parker Bowles didn’t like Meghan. As the Inquisitr reported, there were even reports that Camilla was conducting a “smear campaign” against Markle that horrified Harry.

Camilla Parker Bowles’ Rumored Reasons For Disliking Meghan Markle Revealed

Now, however, these insiders are clarifying the reasons. Even though Meghan reportedly is seeking to embrace her new life as a future member of the royal family, Parker Bowles isn’t exactly making herself open to hugs and kisses, according to the sources. Instead, Camilla is reportedly in a state of fury about the way that Markle is being adored by the public while Parker Bowles is disliked.

In public, Parker Bowles has described herself as “absolutely delighted” about Prince Harry’s royal wedding. But behind the palace walls, insiders claim that Camilla is comparing the hostility that she faced in her 2005 wedding to Prince Charles to the warmth and welcome that Meghan is enjoying in planning her nuptials to Harry.

After fighting her way into the royal family, the Duchess of Cornwall sees how easy it is for Meghan Markle.

Camilla Parker Bowles clawed and fought her way to acceptance into the British royal family and can’t understand how easy it is for one woman to be so warmly welcomed. Granted, this woman isn’t having an affair with a married future king or is central to placing the monarchy in a scandal. Instead, she’s an American who has caught the eye of a younger royal. Times have changed and tolerance for the unconventional exists more now than it did when Camilla was having an affair with Charles while he was married to the late Princess Diana.

