www.express.co.uk/life-style/life/982862/kate-middleton-marathons-royal-rules

Isabella Sullivan

Why sporty Kate Middleton is BANNED from marathons - royal rule revealed

Kate Middleton, 36, attended the London Marathon in 2017 to support her mental health charity, Heads Together. The Duchess of Cambridge is known to be very sporty, but she didn’t run in the marathon. She is regularly seen at big sporting events, sometimes pictured sporting her trainers and publicly promoting fitness. Before marrying William she was often snapped at sporting events, and played various sports at her boarding school. However, according to Kate’s friend Bryony Gordon, Kate is not allowed to run marathons.

Kate Middleton: Kate can’t run marathons because of this royal rule

On Loose Women, Bryony revealed that the Duchess is not allowed to run in the marathon, or any public race, because of one royal reason. Speaking on the show Bryony said that she asked Kate if she would be running the marathon, to which she replied: “Oh no, security and all that." Bryony, author of 'Eat, Drink, Run', then retorted: "If I can do the marathon, you can." Around 41,000 people ran the London marathon this year, creating a huge threat to Kate’s security if she were to participate. While Kate wasn’t able to run the 26.2 mile marathon herself, she did take part in a 100-metre sprint with Prince William and Prince Harry.

The reason Kate can't run marathons was revealed on Loose Women by her friend Bryony Gordan

Kate Middleton in pictures: The best casual looks from the off-duty Duchess Mon, June 11, 2018 Kate Middleton in pictures: The best casual looks from the off-duty Duchess of Cambridge. Play slideshow Getty 1 of 19 Kate Middleton in pictures: The best casual looks from the off-duty Duchess

Kate attended the marathon but as a spectator, handing out water and cheering on runners

The sprint was part of a training day for runners taking part in the marathon. One Middleton who is allowed to run marathons is Kate’s sister, Pippa Middleton, who completed her first marathon in Kenya in 2015. Speaking to Hello! magazine Pippa said: “I decided that a marathon was a ‘life box’ that needed ticking and this year was my time—despite it being one of the toughest in the world, with temperatures rising to more than 30 degrees Celsius [86 degrees Fahrenheit], at an altitude of 5,550 feet and with the possibility of bumping into lions or rhinos.” She’s also completed the Great Wall marathon in northern China. Pippa is a keen sportswoman and patron of sports charity Disability Snowsport UK. /life-style/style/976541/pippa-middleton-pregnant-style-latest-winter-games

Kate did partake in a 100-metre sprint, with Prince William and Prince Harry

