www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4746916/Kris-Jenner-s-fiance-says-sleeping-OJ-Simpson.html

Chris Spargo For Dailymail.Com

Kris Jenner's fiance says she was sleeping with OJ Simpson

In his upcoming book 'The Kardashians: An American Drama,' Jerry Oppenheimer takes a closer look at two of the longest-circulating rumors about the Kardashian family.

First is the claim that Kris Jenner had an affair with her husband's best friend Orenthal James Simpson, which appears to have first emerged after Kris split with fiancé Cesar Sanudo.

The second concerns the paternity of Kris' third child Khloe, who multiple sources close to the family believe was not the daughter of Robert.

That first claim still lacks any definitive proof or solid evidence the book reveals, while Oppenheimer speaks to a number of people who lend credence to the second claim by recounting conversations they had with Robert.

This latest work by the New York Times bestselling author will be released by St. Martin's press this September.

Scandal: Cesar Sanudo believed that his fiancee Kris Jenner was sleeping with both Robert Kardashian and OJ Simpson when they were engaged (Simpson and the Kardashians above in the mid-80s)

Sanudo's daughter Amber Carillo says in the book that although her father was the son of Mexican immigrants, he had some shocking opinions about interracial dating.

Origin: Sanudo (above with Kris) shared his thoughts with his daughter

She recounts one time when her father had been watching an episode of the family's E! reality series 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' and said to her: 'Why would Kris let her kids date black men.'

Carillo says she dismissed his remark by saying 'this is not the 1920s' and urging her father to 'get the fifties and sixties mentality about race out of your head.’

She goes on to reveal however that part of his anger likely stemmed from his belief that Kris had been cheating on him with both Robert and OJ.

'That racial mixing angered him. And that’s why he used to say Kris was sexually involved with OJ,' explains Carillo.

'How real that is, and did my dad witness it, I don’t think so. He said he was pretty sure that she was seeing OJ along with Kardashian, that she had an affair with OJ too.'

She later adds: 'He thought more or less that Kris would be with OJ and I had to correct him.'

OJ was a major part of Kris' life once she met Robert, as he lived with the pair and Robert's brother Tom at their home in Beverly Hills whenever he and first wife Marguerite were on the outs - which was very often in those final years of their marriage.

He was also with Robert when he first picked Kris up at the airport in Los Angeles, and by Robert's side when he flew to New York to take his future wife back after his relationship with Priscilla Presley came to an end.

On that trip the three stayed at The Plaza and went to Studio 54 before jetting off to Montreal where Simpson was providing commentary for ABC Sports at the 1976 Summer Games.

It was at those Olympics that Bruce Jenner shot to fame with his win in the decathlon.

More allegations: Robert's pastor Kenn Gulliksen and best friends Joni Midigal and Larry Kraines all say that Robert told them privately that he was not Khloe's father (Khloe and Robert above in the late 1980s)

Family affair: His love for Khloe was the same as it was for his two oldest daughters regardless of this fact all three claim, and he refused to ever take a DNA test (family above in the late 1980s)

Fila-ing it: Robert and Kris welcomed their first child, daughter Kourtney, just nine months after their wedding (above in 1979)

Two years later, Kris and Robert walked down the aisle, with their first daughter Kourtney coming just nine months after the pair said 'I do.'

Her birth in 1979 was followed by the arrival of little sister Kim just 18 months later, quickly filling out the family.

Then, a little less than four years after Kim was born, Kris gave birth to a daughter Khloe.

Much has been said over the years about Khloe's paternity, with Kris and her daughters all summarily shooting down any stories or reports claiming that Robert was not the father of Kris' third child.

Robert never spoke publicly about the matter, though in at least one legal filing in the aftermath of his separation from Kris years later was reported to have stated that he had 'four biological children.'

Kris and Khloe both say Robert was her father

That is not the story he told however to three of the people who were closest to him back at that time - his pastor Kenn Gulliksen, lifelong friend Joni Midigal and close confident and high school pal Larry Kraines.

'Kris and Robert had four children. Well they had three kids and somebody else’s kid,' reveals Gulliksen.

'Bob never asked my counsel but I simply heard from him that Khloe wasn’t his biological daughter.

He then states: 'He gave me no names of who the father was. But I certainly know it wasn’t OJ.'

Robert did however still love Khloe as if she were a daughter according to Gulliken.

‘It was my strong impression from him that he loved Khloe very much but he said it in a way that implied she’s not my blood daughter, meaning his biological daughter,' he tells Oppenheimer.

‘My understanding from him was that he and Kris hadn’t had sex during the period of time they would have had to had sex when Khloe was conceived.’

Kris has said many times in the past and wrote in her 2011 memoir that Khloe was conceived in Italy.

Kraines, who was actually at the hospital when Khloe was born, says that Robert told him soon after the delivery: 'It's all bulls***.'

Mystery man: Some have alleged that Khloe's real father is Kris' former hairdresser Alex Roldan (above in 2012)

Here comes the bride: New York Times-bestselling author Jerry Oppenheimer is telling all about Kris Jenner in 'Kardashians: An American Drama,' which is out in September (Kris and Robert Kardashain with Pastor Kenn Gulliksen at their 1978 wedding)

Despite these private conversation with friends in which he expressed that Khloe was almost certainly not his biological child, Robert refused to take the next step because of the kind of person that he was according to Midigal.

‘He made a decision that no matter who Khloe’s father was that Robert was going to love her as his own, and it was all done. That was his decision. It was the honorable way of doing it, and the respectful way,’ says Midigal.

'He didn’t want a DNA test done, he didn’t want to find out anything. He told me, "I love Khloe. She’s wonderful. She’s mine, period.” But he knew she wasn’t his. His confirmation to me was, "She’s mine and I don’t care who the father is.'"

New York Times-bestselling author Jerry Oppenheimer is telling all about Kris Jenner in 'Kardashians: An American Drama,' which is out in September

Among those whose names have been floating around as possibly being Khloe's father are Simpson and Kris' hairdresser Alex Roldan.

Kylie Jenner made light of the claims that Roldan was Khloe's father back in 2012 by tweeting a photo of Khloe and the hairdresser, writing: ''First official photo of my sister and her dad! Like father like daughter!'

Khloe meanwhile addressed the rumor in March of last year on an episode of her now cancelled show 'Kocktails With Khloe.'

It came up during a conversation about the dark side of fame, with Khloe expressing her distaste for claims that had been made by her father's widow Ellen Pearson.

'I think the thing that most became overwhelming was when, like, the stuff happened with one of my dad’s wives,' said Khloe.

'She wanted to come out, like, 10 years later after my dad passed away and said that I’m not his daughter and that he confided in her and blah-say-blah.'

She went on to say: 'I was like, "Listen, you can talk about me and my sisters all you f***ing want. Do not talk about my dad.… He’s not here!”'

It is all happening once again however, only this time with three people and not just one claiming Robert confided in them about the fact that Khloe was not biologically a Kardashian.

