www.bustle.com/articles/139629-why-did-brad-pitt-dye-his-hair-it-wasnt-because-he-wanted-to-jump-on-the



Why Did Brad Pitt Dye His Hair? It Wasn't Because He Wanted To Jump On The Silver Hair Trend

At 52 years old, it's not exactly surprising that Brad Pitt has gray hair, however, it is a little more surprising to learn that he dyed it that way — on purpose. On Sunday, the actor debuted gray hair while out in Paris, which caused a frenzy on the Interwebs. However, what we really want to know is why did Brad Pitt go gray?

It turns out that Brad Pitt is not turning into a silver fox, but is only playing a silver fox for a role in his upcoming Netflix Original film War Machine , where the father of six plays a U.S. Army general.

Generally, Pitt has brown locks, but I'm honestly curious as to whether he has to dye his hair to get his signature brown shade. My guess is he's got a handful of gray hairs, otherwise, he has some really good genes. OK, sorry, clearly Brad Pitt is blessed with good genetics, whether he has to dye his hair to keep if from naturally going gray.

Luckily for Pitt, gray hair has continued to remain trendy ever since Kylie Jenner rocked some long silver extensions in 2014, even though the gray hair trend has been making random appearances since 2007, and if you remember correctly from history class, silver hair was very popular during Marie Antoinette's era. Anyway, it's clear that Pitt looks good regardless of his hair color, so rock on.

Although I'm loving the new silver look, his natural brown hue is not too bad on the eyes.

Jason Merritt/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images

Or when he let his hair grow out and the ends were a sun-kissed blonde...

Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images

And then there was that time he went REALLY blonde (and still made it look good):

CARLO ALLEGRI/AFP/Getty Images

And then when he kept it short and natural-looking:

LUCY NICHOLSON/AFP/Getty Images

I mean, even when this happened he made it work:

LUCY NICHOLSON/AFP/Getty Images

Point is, whatever he decides to do, I'm behind him, 100 percent.

Carlos Alvarez/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images

Want more style tips? Check out the video below, and be sure to subscribe to Bustle’s YouTube page for more hacks and tricks!

