www.nationalenquirer.com/photos/jennifer-aniston-justin-theroux-divorce-claims/

National Enquirer Staff

Jennifer Aniston Racing To $225 Million Divorce

Sources have told The National ENQUIRER that the two stars have secretly been living apart for more than 60 days amid allegations of cheating, drug charges, lies and jealousy! “Their relationship isn’t picture perfect, and they knew that going in,” a friend tattled. “Jen and Justin tried their best to make it work but it was just too hard Now they’re both ready to move on!” Photo credit: Getty Images

The two haven’t been photographed together since early October — and late November, The ENQUIRER spotted Justin carrying moving boxes outside their New York City apartment. Although their reps denied marital problems, insiders warned it could be a nasty split. They added that it could get ugly if the “Leftovers” hunk targets his wife's fortune — estimated at a whopping $200 million compared to Justin’s $25 million! Photo credit: Getty Images

One spy snitched that the “Friends” star could air their dirty laundry in divorce papers to protect her assets! “Jennifer wants to end this quickly and quietly,” added the pal. “But if Justin puts up a fight — like asking for spousal support — she’s going to hit him hard.” Photo credit: Getty Images

“Jennifer has always suspected Justin of having a wandering eye,” the source continued. Pals pointed to Justin’s “closeness” to foxy Oscar-winner Emma Stone on the New York set of “Maniac.” “Justin’s been spending a lot of time with Emma, and Jen is deeply uncomfortable with it,” snitched her friend. “Emma is a younger version of Jen, and she’s got a dark sense of humor that Justin likes. They crack each other up. That’s got to be hard for Jen.” Photo credit: Getty Images

Jennifer also grew jealous when Justin spent time with model Anna Speckhart — who married his pal Carlos Quirarte, sources said. “Jen’s extremely jealous of other women,” claimed the pal. “He insists these women are just friends, but he constantly does things that annoy, embarrass and confuse Jen.” And while the screenwriter and actor was reportedly a party boy in the past, sources said Jen never knew the full extent! Photo credit: BACKGRID

Actor Keith Middlebrook is said to have learned about Justin’s drug use when they got close while working on 2010’s “Iron Man 2.” “He told me about using powerful painkillers like Dilaudid, as well as mushrooms, ecstasy, cocaine, heroin, LSD and crack,” Keith said in a published report. “He was the last person you’d suspect to be doing those hard drugs. I thought he was lying about his drug use. He was just too clean, too together ... a really solid guy.” Photo credit: Getty Images

Added the friend: “Justin made himself out to be a healthy fitness fanatic when he met Jen because he obviously knew that’s what she was. But the only pills Jen takes are vitamins!” Lengthy separations due to their demanding work schedules have also been tough for both of them. “Jen’s career has always come first and that’s been a thorn in Justin’s side,” dished the friend. “They haven’t spent any quality time together in months.” Photo credit: Getty Images

