www.elle.com/culture/celebrities/a22329804/kourtney-kardashian-younes-bendjimas-instagram-comment-reaction-report/

Alyssa Bailey, News, Strategy Editor, Alyssa Bailey Is The News, Strategy Editor At Elle.Com, Where She Oversees Coverage Of Celebrities, Royals, Particularly Meghan Markle, Kate Middleton .

How Kourtney Kardashian Really Felt About Younes Bendjima's 'Impulsive' Instagram Comment

A shamey, and now-deleted comment Kourtney Kardashian's 25-year-old boyfriend Younes Bendjima posted on her Instagram made headlines this week—and has also caused issues in the two's relationship, E! now unsurprisingly reports.

Bendjima wrote on a bikini shot of Kardashian, "thats what you need to show to get likes?" according to TMZ, before promptly deleting the remark. That comment struck a nerve with Kardashian. "Kourtney doesn't appreciate Younes posting his feelings in a public forum and being impulsive," a source told the outlet. "She's frustrated that he continues to get upset about it. She isn't going to stop doing what she's doing and feels like he needs to understand and deal with it."

Bendjima, meanwhile, is now sorry he posted it. "Younes gets jealous and can be possessive of Kourtney," the source continued. "When she posts half naked pictures, he gets very upset. He wants her for himself and doesn't want to share her with the world."

Bendjima's issues with Kardashian's more revealing Instagrams, despite him also posting revealing Instagrams, have been an ongoing point of contention between the two and led them to breakup once before, People reported yesterday.

But Kardashian isn't about to stop living her life as she pleases, and Bendjima is going to try to get used to it. "Kourtney has explained its part of her job and it's not going to change," the source said. "But it still makes him uncomfortable and upset. He overreacted and put up a comment without thinking it through. Then he realized what he did made it even worse. He was just not thinking in the moment and got emotional. [He ultimately] wants to be able to deal with this side of Kourtney's life and knows he needs to accept it if they are going to be together."

