www.yourtango.com/2018315069/is-lindsay-shookus-pregnant-new-details-on-rumors-shes-expecting-with-ben-affleck



Is Lindsay Shookus Pregnant? New Details On The Rumors She's Expecting With Ben Affleck

Are they planning to elope?

Is Ben Affleck about to drop a major bombshell in regards to his girlfriend Lindsay Shookus? Reports out of Hawaii are saying that the couple may be expecting a new addition and are going to elope before the baby bump becomes too noticeable. Is Lindsay Shookus pregnant?

RELATED: Who Is Brendon Urie's Wife? New Details On Sarah Orzechowski And How She Feels About Him Coming Out As Pansexual

1. Are they eloping?

Sources told Radar that Ben and Lindsay want to get married before the end of the summer. Lindsay will be back at work on Saturday Night Live by fall. Why the rush though?

A post shared by On the road (Argentina) (@elphiedeloeste) on Feb 16, 2018 at 8:13pm PST

2. Is Lindsay pregnant?

Ben is just barely divorced from his ex-wife Jennifer Garner (even though they separated eons ago). Why the rush to put a ring on it? Those same sources say that Lindsay may be pregnant with Ben's baby.

A post shared by NRG ENERGY (@nrgalbania) on Nov 26, 2017 at 10:55pm PST

3. He's met the parents

Ben recently met Lindsay's parents in Santa Monica. The foursome sat down for a dinner out. This is a sure sign that the couple, who have been dating for over a year, are getting serious.

A post shared by NRG ENERGY (@nrgalbania) on Jun 25, 2018 at 1:33pm PDT

4. He's met Lindsay's daughter

A few weeks ago, Ben, Lindsay, her parents, and Lindsay's five-year-old daughter were spotted taking a hike in Los Angeles.

A post shared by The Daily Paperazzi (@dailypaperazzi) on Jun 25, 2018 at 9:47am PDT

5. Five kids?

If Lindsay is pregnant, the couple will have their hands full. Ben is already dad to three kids with Jennifer Garner--12-year-old Violet, 9-year-old Seraphina, and 6-year-old Samuel. With Lindsay's daughter, the new baby would make five kids for Ben and Lindsay to juggle.

A post shared by Ben Affleck (@benaffleck) on Jun 17, 2018 at 12:38pm PDT

6. Why Hawaii?

Hawaii holds a special place in 45-year-old Affleck and 38-year-old Shookus' lives. The pair spent a romantic vacation there earlier this year while Ben was filming Triple Frontier.

A post shared by PEOPLETALK.RU (@peopletalkru) on Sep 10, 2017 at 8:56am PDT

7. Does Jen know?

Reportedly, Affleck has asked his ex-wife to watch the kids so that he can whisk Lindsay off to Hawaii to marry her.

A post shared by Tower Magazine (@towermag) on Sep 2, 2017 at 3:34pm PDT

8. When's the wedding?

It's all speculation at this point. Just last month, Affleck told ET that he and Lindsay were taking things slow for the sake of his sobriety. Of course, things change, and if Lindsay is pregnant, that could have inspired Ben to pop the question. Only time will tell!

A post shared by newsko.com.ph (@newsko_com_ph) on Jul 12, 2017 at 7:21am PDT

Amy Lamare is a Los Angeles based freelance writer covering entertainment, pop culture, beauty, fashion, fitness, technology, and the intersection of technology, business, and philanthropy. She is deeply devoted to her chocolate Labrador and an avid long distance runner. You can find her on Instagram and Facebook.

