www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/kristen-stewart-says-she-wants-babies-1310387

James Robertson, Image, Rex, Getty, October Issue Of British Vogue Photographer Mario Testino

"I want to have his babies": Kristen reveals family plans with Rob just weeks before she cheated

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

There are probably quite a lot of things that Kristen Stewart would like to undo after pictures showed her cheating on Robert Pattinson with a married film director.

But unfortunately for Kristen, life doesn’t have the ctrl+z option so she’s stuck with any mistakes she (might) have made – and embarrassing things she might have said.

Just one month before she was exposed as a cheat with Rupert Sanders, she revealed that she wants to have babies with her long-term boyfriend R-Pattz.

In an un-guarded moment, she told Vogue journalist Christa D’Souza: "My God, I'm so in love with my boyfriend. I wish he were here now. I think I want to have his babies."

Before adding: “I love the way he smells. And him me. Like, he loves to lick under my armpits.”

While it’s ultimately quite a gross thing to say, it proves that Rob found Kristen so amazing he was happy to lick her sweaty pits. But he’s not the only person to think his Twilight co-star is, er, flawless.

Rupert describes Kristen, 22, as "amazing" and "flawless" in the voiceover on the Snow White and the Huntsman DVD director's commentary.

It’s a fair assumption this was filmed before his fling with K-Stew became world (and wife Liberty Ross) knowledge.

(Image: Getty)

Before the affair, Rupert was asked whether Kristen and Liberty – who also featured in the movie – were friends.

He replied: "She and Liberty didn't have very many scenes together, so they didn't get to know each other that well. But they definitely have similarities. There's a look they share."

Yesterday, Kristen wore Rob's t-shirt which had the word IRIE printed on the front when she arrived in Toronto for the film festival.

And if you didn't know what that means, it stands for ‘the way you feel when you have no worries – to be at total peace with your current state of being’.

We feel a bit like Sherlock Holmes piecing together the hidden flirty messages.

(Image: October issue of British Vogue/photographer Mario Testino)

Take a look at our amazing timeline which logs everything from Kristen and Rob’s first kiss to the latest pictures from the love scandal – here .

While Rob is at the VMAs with the Twilight cast, Kristen is alone on the red carpet in Canada. Have a look at those pictures here .

