pagesix.com/2017/05/09/harry-styles-dating-naked-chef-tess-ward/

Lucy Jones, The Sun, May

Harry Styles dating ‘Naked Chef’ Tess Ward

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Harry Styles is secretly dating food blogger and model Tess Ward, The Sun’s Bizarre column can reveal.

The former One Direction star, 23, has enjoyed a string of dates with the London-based chef — after being introduced by mutual friends.

And pals close to the singer say that unlike his other flings, Styles is really taken with Ward, 27, known for her “Naked Diet” cookbook, and believe they’re set for a long-term relationship.

A source said: “As soon as Harry met Tess, there was an instant spark between them. They really bonded over their mutual love of quirky fashion and food — and things turned romantic quickly. They’ve been on a number of dates while Harry has been in London and he’s already introduced Tess to some of his close friends including his personal stylist Lou Teasdale. This really seems different to Harry’s past relationships as Harry genuinely is besotted with Tess and doesn’t want to risk messing this one up.”

Ward has been dubbed “cooking’s new golden girl” by fans. She released her first book, “The Naked Diet,” in 2015 after being trained by top chefs in The Ritz and River Cottage.

She is also a model and well known on the fashion circuit, having worked with former “Made in Chelsea” stars Millie Mackintosh and Rosie Fortescue, as well as Simon Le Bon’s model daughter Amber Le Bon.

Like her new boyfriend Styles, who released his debut solo single “Sign of the Times” last month, Tess is also a hit stateside and has been offered a host of TV and modeling opportunities in the US.

Writing on her LinkedIn profile, the chef, who has a degree in art history, reveals: “Current projects include a number of exciting TV and online projects in the US and UK.”

Styles went public with his new girlfriend last weekend as he was pictured driving Tess around north London in his luxury Audi.

The new couple looked relaxed together as they sat in traffic — and Styles even risked a fine and six points on his license as he used his phone behind the wheel.

Styles recently revealed that he is changing the way he dates women after failed relationships with Taylor Swift, Caroline Flack and Kendall Jenner.

He said: “I used to research dates, then I said I’m not going to do that anymore, it’s impossible to go in without a perception of someone and you’ve never met them and I started feeling like that was wrong and weird.”

