www.irishmirror.ie/showbiz/celebrity-news/justin-bieber-model-tati-neves-2719822

Mark Jefferies, Lucy Buckland, Image, Splash, Youtube

Justin Bieber model Tati Neves on having sex with star: "What do you think?"

Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

The girl who filmed Justin Bieber sleeping has spoken for the first time about her night with the Canadian superstar.

When model Tati Neves, 26, was asked if she kissed the Baby singer , she coyly answered: "What do you think, if I was sleeping in the bedroom, just me and him?"

That really clears it up then.

Before the interview on Brazilian TV the model allegedly told friends she saw Bieber smoke weed and spent the night with him.

On Globo TV's Fantastico she was asked if she saw a bevy of girls arrive at 3am the same night, believed to bussed in from a nearby club, she replied: "No. So, I'd already gone into the bedroom with him."

She also claimed she had taken the video of Bieber asleep, with his beloved baseball cap nearby, the following morning after waking up first.

(Image: Youtube)

She said: "I was sleeping, and woke up, he was sleeping and I was speaking with a girlfriend."

Tati, who appears naked on some adult Brazilian websites, is thought to have met Bieber in the Centaurus club in Rio which is notorious for being a brothel.

But Marcus Mion, the owner of the Zax Club in the Barra da Tijuca neighborhood, disputed the model's account.

He said Ms Neves wasn't among the 30 girls the singer chose to go back with him to his rented villa.

(Image: Youtube)

He said: "I know all the girls who went. I personally went round asking inviting them on behalf of Justin, and I put each one in the van that took them there."

Two girls were pictured leaving the club with Bieber, although his aides insist he thought it was a private members’ club.

Bieber has now left Brazil and is in Argentina on the South America leg of his world tour.

He has been asked to leave the Hotel Faena in Buenoa Aires because his fans were destroying property and barricade walls put up for his arrival.

On Sunday he said Argentina was “crazy” and told the fans there he loved them after Saturday’s gig.

3am has contacted Bieber for a comment.

