www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3641787/Alexander-Skarsgard-gushes-stunning-Tarzan-star-Margot-Robbie.html

Monique Friedlander, Karishma Sarkari For Daily Mail Australia

Alexander Skarsgard gushes over Tarzan co-star Margot Robbie

Margot Robbie recently admitted she was left speechless at the sight of her Tarzan co-star's amazing body.

And it seems the appreciation works both ways, with Alexander Skarsgard gushing about his Australian co-star's 'stunning' beauty but adding her relaxed and fun personality makes her even more beautiful.

Speaking to The Daily Telegraph after posing alongside some furry critters at Sydney Zoo on Tuesday, the 39-year-old said the pair's chemistry was undeniable, revealing: 'Margot and I had just a really deep connection from day one, we really found each other'.

Scroll down for video

King of the jungle: Alexander Skarsgard gushed about his 'stunning' Tarzan co-star Margot Robbie while at Sydney Zoo on Tuesday

'Margot and I had just a really deep connection from day one': The Sweedish hunk said he and the Australian actress had an instant connection

He added that the blonde beauty was exactly what they were looking for in their Jane - strong, tough and independent.

However, the True Blood actor says the former Neighbours actress is not just physically beautiful, saying: 'What makes Margot so beautiful is not only that she’s a stunningly gorgeous woman, but that she is not vain,

'Margot is so down to earth and fun and that makes it even more attractive,' he added.

Meanwhile, Alexander appeared to be unphased by the dusty environment of the zoo, choosing to wear a pair of slick pair of dress shoes and a glamorous wrist watch.

And despite his prior jungle king-like confidence, Alexander became slightly concerned when a snake wrapped itself tightly around his neck.

The True Blood actor also spent quality time with a troop of friendly kangaroos; offering them a juicy branch of eucalyptus leaves as a welcome gift.

Alexander couldn't help but crack a smile as he puckered up for a kiss with his new marsupial mates.

How cute! The True Blood actor also spent quality time with a troop of friendly kangaroos; offering them a juicy branch of eucalyptus leaves as a welcome gift

He was also seen hand-feeding the hungry kangaroos while simultaneously pulling a debonair expression toward the camera.

Later, Alexander was seen bravely stroking the spiked back of an echidna.

Like the kangaroos, the prickly creature was treated a hand-fed meal by the Hollywood hunk.

Later that day, Alexander appeared on The Project to chat about his new flick as well as his on-set experiences with the Australian actress.

Sharing a smooch: Alexander couldn't help but crack a smile as he puckered up for a kiss with his new marsupial mates

Strike a pose! He was also seen hand-feeding the hungry kangaroos while simultaneously pulling a debonair expression toward the camera

Ouch! Later, Alexander was seen bravely stroking the spiked back of an echidna

Tucking in: Like the kangaroos, the prickly creature was treated a hand-fed meal by the Hollywood hunk

Speaking of a love scene with Margot, who plays the role of Jane, Alexander said: 'Margot, she's quite strong. There's a love scene where John and Jane return to the jungle and reconnect with the Kuba village, the people that Jane grew up with.'

'And that night it's kind of the first big love scene of the movie and David Yates our director wanted it to be primal', he explained, adding that David had encouraged Margot to punch and scratch Alexander during the scene.

Back to work! Later that day, Alexander appeared on The Project to chat about his new flick as well as his on-set experiences with Australian actress Margot Robbie

Steamy: Speaking of a love scene with Margot, who plays the role of Jane, Alexander said: 'Margot, she's quite strong. There's a love scene where John and Jane return to the jungle and reconnect with the Kuba village, the people that Jane grew up with'

'He kept egging Margot on. Hit him scratch him, beat him': He admitted that he was left with bruises and scratches after the saucy scene

'He kept egging Margot on. Hit him scratch him, beat him. I wasn't severely injured but it was probably the scene in which I got the most bruises and scratches', he quipped.

Alexander also revealed that he endured eight months 'of starvation' preparing his body for the role and that his first meal after filming consisted of banoffee pie and beer.

'It's not a big thing but its a British desert and they mad a massive banoffee pie the day of wrap. As soon as they called wrap they brought it out', he reminisced.

He earned it! Alexander also revealed that he endured eight months 'of starvation' preparing his body for the role and that his first meal after filming consisted of banoffee pie and beer

Classic tale: The Legend Of Tarzan is a modern re-telling of the classic story about a boy raised by apes in the jungle

Iconic story: The movie opens with Tarzan now living in London as John Clayton, Lord Greystoke, and married to Jane

It begins: He is invited to return to the Congo as a British government trade emissary

The Legend Of Tarzan is a modern re-telling of the classic story about a boy raised by apes in the jungle.

The movie opens with Tarzan now living in London as John Clayton, Lord Greystoke, and married to Jane.

He is invited to return to the Congo as a British government trade emissary.

Danger: But he finds himself at the heart of a murderous plot driven by greed and revenge and in danger of becoming a pawn in a high stakes game being played by a Belgian Mastermind, played by Christoph Waltz

But he finds himself at the heart of a murderous plot driven by greed and revenge and in danger of becoming a pawn in a high stakes game being played by a Belgian Mastermind, played by Christoph Waltz.

Directed by David Yates, who helmed several of the Harry Potter films, the cast also includes Samuel L. Jackson, Simon Russell Beale and John Hurt.

The David Yates-helmed film starts with Tarzan out of the jungle, a decade removed from his jungle home and completely established in the British upper class.

