metro.co.uk/2018/03/19/justin-bieber-moves-mystery-blonde-selena-gomez-break-7398438/

Tobi Akingbade

Justin Bieber 'caught with mystery blonde' amid Selena Gomez 'break-up'

Justin Bieber ‘moves on with mystery blonde’ (Picture: Backgrid)

Justin Bieber appears to have moved on from rumours that he has split from Selena Gomez, looking pretty pleased with himself on a night out.

Well, that’s judging by these pictures of him enjoying the company of a ‘mystery blonde’ on 16 March.

The 24-year-old singer and Selena have a pretty on and off relationship over the past years and now Jelena fans are worried that they are over for good as Justin was ‘caught’ with the woman and a group of pals.

Justin is rumoured to have split from Selena (Picture: Backgrid)

The pair were seen laughing and smiling in a car after a night out with a group of friends.

Now a source close to Selena’s family have explained to Us Weekly: ‘Selena and Justin decided to take a break mainly because of Selena’s mom and her disapproval of Justin.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘Justin’s family loves Selena, but Selena’s family has put her in a very conflicting spot because they still don’t trust Justin. Selena has tried to convince her family that Justin has changed but her family just isn’t budging right now.’

Justin looked in high spirits (Picture: Backgrid)

Of course, nothing has been heard from the horse’s mouth but Biebs and the 25-year-old singer have not been pictured together for some time now adding fuel to the break-up rumours – and now these images of Justin looking comfy with another woman have pretty much started a blaze of speculation.

However, a source later told People magazine this could not be further from the truth.

‘They’re not on a break because of her relationship with her mum,’ they explained. ‘They have their own issues and are always on and off.’

Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez recently reunited (Picture: WireImage)

‘She wouldn’t base her relationship off of what her mum thinks,’ they added.

Well – it’s good to see Justin in high spirits as he was pictured looking pretty emotional last week when he was out and about with dad, Jeremy.

At one point, the emotional star could be seen covering his face with his hands – in a possible bid to hide his tears – while waiting in the car for his dad.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Selena Gomez ‘suffered from depression’ after life-saving kidney transplant

