www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6046545/Caitlyn-Jenner-joins-girlfriend-Sophia-Hutchins-celebrate-daughter-Kylies-21st-birthday.html

Katie Storey For Mailonline

Caitlyn Jenner joins 'girlfriend' Sophia Hutchins at Kylie's birthday

Caitlyn Jenner stepped out alongside her close pal and rumoured 'girlfriend' Sophia Hutchins to celebrate her daughter Kylie's 21st birthday in West Hollywood on Thursday.

The Kardashian-Jenner clan headed to hotspot Craig's to mark the mother-of-one's milestone birthday, with Caitlyn choosing to bring along Sophia, 22, for the festivities.

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, 68, made sure she was dressed for the occasion and slipped into a sequinned mini dress and suede court heels, while toting the same Gucci handbag as her ex Kris Jenner.

Glamorous: Caitlyn Jenner, 68, was dressed for the occasion as she stepped out to celebrate daughter Kylie Jenner's 21st birthday at Craig's in West Hollywood on Thursday night

Her glittering ensemble nipped in at the waist, drawing attention to Caitlyn's curvaceous frame, and the former athletics star ensured her beauty look matched up to her stand-out outfit.

She wore her caramel-hued locks down in loose curls, parted in the middle, and completed her look with stunning make-up that boasted a dramatic eye and nude lip.

Caitlyn was seen arriving to the popular eatery with Sophia in tow, with the blonde beauty turning heads in a thigh-skimming mini dress that sheathed her slender frame.

BFF: She was joined by her very close pal Sophia Hutchins, 22, who Caitlyn has admitted she is 'inseparable' from

Glittering: The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star slipped into a sequinned dress and suede court heels for the occasion and toted a Gucci handbag

Sophia elongated her honed pins in a pair of studded black strappy heels and, like Caitlyn, she too styled her tresses into perfect curls that sat just past her shoulders.

Her appearance alongside Kylie's father comes after Caitlyn continued to fuel speculation the pair are 'dating' by refusing to address rumours she and Sophia are romantically linked in a new interview with Variety.

Caitlyn addressed her relationship with Sophia, self-confessing the duo are 'inseparable', but wouldn't comment when asked if the pair were romantically involved.

'We are not going to get into that,' the Olympic champion said in response. Although, Caitlyn did add: 'But we are very close. We do a lot of things together.'

Festivities: Sophia caught the eye in a gold mini dress and studded barely-there heels at the lavish bash

Leggy: Sophia made sure to draw attention to her honed pins in her mini dress as she clutched onto a Gucci handbag in one hand

Beauty: She wore her blonde locks down in loose curls, like Caitlyn, and sported a flawless make-up look

Marking the moment: Caitlyn was dressed to impress as she prepared to reunite with ex Kris Jenner and their brood

Keeping coy: Caitlyn's appearance with Sophia comes after she continued to fuel speculation the pair are 'dating' by refusing to address such rumours in a new interview with Variety

'We're inseparable,' she claimed. 'We're the best of friends.'

The former husband of Keeping Up With The Kardashians momager Kris Jenner famously underwent gender reassignment surgery in January 2017 after previously revealing her plans to transition from Bruce to Caitlyn in 2015.

Sophia transitioned while a student at Pepperdine University in Malibu and cited Caitlyn as her role model.

Just last month, the pair attended the ESPY Awards together and in June she opted to attend a charity ball in Vienna, Austria, with Sophia instead of attending her son Brody's wedding.

Caitlyn has grown closer to Sophia amid the distance that's widened between her amid rifts with some of her children and Kardashian step children.

A source previously told Heat Magazine of their relationship: 'Cait really sees herself spending the rest of her life with Sophia.

'We are not going to get into that' The Olympic champion refused to reveal whether they are romantically involved, but did add: 'But we are very close. We do a lot of things together'

Moving on: The former husband of Keeping Up With The Kardashians momager Kris Jenner famously underwent gender reassignment surgery in January 2017

Blossoming friendship: Caitlyn has grown closer to Sophia amid the distance that's widened between her amid rifts with some of her children and Kardashian step children

Birthday girl: Kylie made sure to stand out for her celebrations, thanks to her newly-dyed platinum blonde locks, and caught attention in a magenta pink wrap-over dress

'She lost her support system when she fell out with her family and these days, it feels like Sophia's the only person she can count on.'

Caitlyn appeared to acknowledge the distance from her family that includes children from three marriages and now grandchildren.

She admitted to Variety that she is closer to some of her offspring than others.

As for her ex-wife Kris, with whom she shares her daughters Kendall and Kylie, 'We haven’t talked in a long time,' she said.

Caitlyn and Kris, however, will have been reunited while celebrating Kylie's birthday. The night proved to be a lavish affair with Kris and the Kardashian-Jenner sisters all in attendance.

Kylie made sure to stand out for her celebrations, thanks to her newly-dyed platinum blonde locks, and caught attention in a magenta pink wrap-over dress.

Girl power: She and her famous sisters stunned for the occasion in their scanty getups

Her older sister Kim, 37, followed suit in a barely-there hot pink satin dress that featured a revealing cut-out underneath her bust. Her raven locks were styled into tousled curls and the mother-of-three couldn't hide her delight as she rubbed shoulders with her siblings inside.

Kendall Jenner, 22, stunned in a PVC bandeau dress, while Kourtney, 39, who recently split from younger beau Younes Bend Bendjima, 25, opted for a slinky purple number and Khloe, 34, a glittering mesh two-piece that came with a plunging neckline.

The girls joked that they were all 'turning 21' in honour of Kylie's birthday, with the birthday girl posting alongside a picture of herself, her mother and her sisters: 'BIRTHDAY BEHAVIOR! WERE ALL TURNING 21!!'

Kourtney's ex Scott Disick, 35, had also been in attendance.

Gorgeous: Kim slipped into a barely-there hot pink satin dress that featured a revealing cut-out underneath her bust, while Khloe favoured a plunging mesh two-piece

