www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/tom-cruise-reportedly-hasnt-seen-daughter-suri-in-years-w434605/

Eric Andersson

Tom Cruise Reportedly Hasn’t Seen Daughter Suri in ‘About Three Years’





For Suri Cruise, seeing Dad has been a mission impossible. Multiple sources reveal in the new issue of Us Weekly that Tom Cruise has had essentially “no contact” with the 10-year-old daughter he shares with ex-wife Katie Holmes.

“Tom hasn’t seen or even called Suri in about three years,” claims a family source. Alleges another insider, “Tom has no relationship with Suri.”

In fact, the last time Cruise, 54, and his youngest daughter were photographed publicly was in August 2012, when he took her to Disney’s Typhoon Lagoon Water Park in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. (Cruise has two older children, Connor, 21, and Isabella, 23, with his second ex-wife, Nicole Kidman.)

Holmes, 37, and Cruise, a devout Scientologist, began dating in the spring of 2005 and announced their engagement that June. They welcomed Suri the following April, and tied the knot in front of more than 150 guests at a lavish wedding at the 15th-century Odescalchi Castle in Bracciano, Italy, on November 18, 2006.

Six years later, in June 2012, Holmes filed for divorce. At the time, an insider told Us Holmes didn’t want her daughter raised in Scientology and homeschooled by church teachers: “She wanted Suri to go to a normal school with regular kids.” In the years since, NYC-based Holmes and Suri have since been “excommunicated” from Cruise’s life because of his religion, according to the family source. (The insider adds that Cruise “still sees” Connor and Isabella, who are both church members.)

Many ex-Scientologists have claimed leaders force members to shun anyone who leaves the church. But a rep for the Church of Scientology tells Us, “We never comment on individual parishioners’ lives. On the issue of Church religious practices, we do not know who your anonymous sources are, but they got it all wrong. The answer to your question is no. Scientologists respect the faith of others, associate with and befriend members of every religion. Scientologists do not cut ties with non-Scientologist friends or family members because they have chosen another religion. Given that Scientology is a new religion, Scientologists often have family members and friends who are not Scientologists and who may practice another faith or no faith at all. This causes no conflict for Scientologists.”

Cruise’s rep had no comment.

