metro.co.uk/2018/05/02/kate-middleton-age-birthday-children-net-worth-compares-meghan-markles-7515859/

Amy Duncan

Kate Middleton age, children and net worth compared to Meghan Markle

What royal title Meghan Markle will have has been a topic of debate ever since Prince Harry confirmed their engagement in November last year.

Will she be Princess Meghan? What about Duchess Meghan like Kate Middleton? How about Lady Meghan?

One thing's for sure: when Meghan - whose full name is Rachel Meghan Markle - marries Prince Harry, she will no longer simply be known as 'Meghan Markle'.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will marry on Saturday 19 May (Picture: AFP/Getty Images)

While the Royal Family are yet to confirm whether Harry will become a Duke upon marriage, historians have speculated what her name will change to when she marries Prince Harry on 19 May this year.

If Harry retains his current rank - His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales - it's believed Meghan will take on the feminine version of his title, becoming known as Her Royal Highness Princess Henry of Wales.

But if Harry becomes a Duke upon marriage, as he is widely expected to, Meghan will therefore become a Duchess, just like Kate Middleton became Catherine, Duchess Of Cambridge upon marriage to Prince William, Duke Of Cambridge.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will marry on Saturday 19 May 2018 (Picture: Chris Jackson/Getty Images for the Invictus Games Foundation )

Royal Historian Marlene Koenig wrote on the blog Royal Musings that Meghan is most likely to become the Meghan, Duchess Of Sussex if, as it is widely believed, Harry takes the vacant rank of Duke Of Sussex.

'Meghan would be HRH the Duchess of Sussex,' Joenig has previously told Royal Contral. 'Her rank would be a princess by marriage of the United Kingdom, Great Britain and Northern Ireland.'

This view is actually shared by a number of experts who previously predicted the title, that has sat vacant since 1843, would be given to Prince William before he became the Duke of Cambridge.

Other titles available are Clarence and Buckingham.

Prince Harry is currently busy prepared for his spring wedding (Picture: REUTERS/Joe Giddens/Pool)

Catherine, Duchess Of Cambridge - who was just known as Kate Middleton before she married Prince William, Duke Of Cambridge in April 2011 - could also go by the name of HRH Princess William of Wales if she wished.

So why won't Meghan be given a Princess title?

While she will become a princess by marriage, for someone to assume the title of Princess, they must be born into the Royal Family, just like Princess Charlotte is a Princess because of her father's status.

However, if Harry and Meghan were to have children, they would not automatically be called Prince or Princess as there's another layer to the Princess rule.

The Prince of Wales is delighted to announce the engagement of Prince Harry to Ms. Meghan Markle. pic.twitter.com/zdaHR4mcY6 — Clarence House (@ClarenceHouse) November 27, 2017

Meghan and Harry's children would be given the title of Lord or Lady, taking the surname Mountbatten-Windsor - a nod to Prince Philip's family name.

In 1960, the Queen passed a ruling which only entitled the children or the grandchildren of the sovereign to take the title of Prince or Princess.

However, for the grandchildren to take the titles, they must be born to the sovereign's son - not daughter.

In the case of Zara and Peter Phillips, for example, they are the children of Princess Anne. Anne is the Queen’s daughter and as the children of the monarch’s daughter, they do not hold a royal title.

Zara Phillips, pictured with husband Mike Tindall, is not a Princess as she was born to the Queen's daughter - not a son (Picture: Max Mumby/Indigo/Getty Images)

All of their cousins are children of the monarch’s sons – Charles, Edward and Andrew – so their children do get the royal titles, such as Prince Andrew and Sarah, Duchess Of York's children Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie.

However, in the case of Prince Edward, his and Sophie, Countess Of Wessex's children are not Prince or Princess.

Instead, their daughter Louise, 14, is known as Lady Louise Windsor and their son James, 10, is known as James Viscount Severn.

Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn (Picture: Max Mumby/Indigo/Getty Images)

With Edward being given the Earl Of Wessex title upon marriage, he and Sophie decided to give their children the titles usually given to Earls' children to somewhat shield them from the royal spotlight.

When Louise and James are older there is no law that would stop them from taking up the Prince and Princess titles, if they wish.

So why are Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis allowed to carry the coveted titles?

A 1917 ruling stated that HRH titles were limited to the Monarch, the Monarch's children and grandchildren and the Monarch's eldest-born's first grandson.

That would mean that only Prince George could have legally been called a Prince, while Charlotte and Louis would be Lady Charlotte Mountbatten-Windsor and Lord Louis Mountbatten-Windsor.

Prince Louis in his mother's arms (Picture: PA)

However, in 2012 - one year after Kate and William married - the Queen allowed all children of William and Kate - her great-grandchildren - to take the Prince or Princess titles too.

The ruling does mean, however, that Princess Charlotte's children are unlikely to be called Prince or Princess, just like Princess Anne's children were not.

Harry and Meghan's prospective children could be upgraded to Prince or Princesses when the line of succession to the throne changes as Prince Charles ascends the throne.

Prince Harry would then likely become HRH The Prince Henry, meaning Meghan would become HRH The Princess Henry.

Of course the Queen may also choose to make an exception for Harry's children, like she did for William.

