radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/06/scott-disick-sofia-richie-split/

Radar Staff, June

Scott Disick Sofia Richie Split

Scott Disick And Sofia Richie Split Up After He Cheats? Source says model has dumped 'KUWTK' star!

Scott Disick’s much younger girlfriend, Sofia Richie, has dumped him after “The Lord” cheated on her, Us Weekly has reported.

According to the Us source, “Sofia and Scott split up. He cheated on her in Miami and she found out and told [her father] Lionel [Richie]. He said he is going to cut her off and write her out of his will if she continues her relationship with Scott as he thinks he’s extremely toxic for her.”



The source added that the two were still a couple when Disick was allegedly caught with another woman at Kanye West’s listening party for his new album in Wyoming earlier this week.

Another insider told Us that the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star and Kourtney baby daddy, 35, was acting “really sloppy throughout the night” and “could barely speak” when he was seen getting canoodling with the mystery blonde.

Richie, 19, found out about Disick seeing the woman in Miami “after their trip to St. Bart’s and it caused huge problems in their relationship. He went to Wyoming because of it and was photographed with another girl and that was the icing on the cake for her to break up with him,” the source said to Us.



While they were trying to work things out, the insider said, Richie hit the roof after his PDA with the blonde in Wyoming.

Now, Richie’s pop star dad Lionel has forbidden her from reconnecting, according to the Us Weekly source.

The pretty teen model began dating Disick last year and they have been inseparable for months.



Richie raved about Disick during his recent May 26 35th birthday, posting a sexy photo of them hugging in the ocean and captioning it, “Happy Birthday babe! Thank you for being you. Love you.”

They have also shared hot PDA in trips all over the country and the world! Richie has even been seen playing stepmom to Disick’s three kids by Kourtney.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

