www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3962280/Jennifer-Lawrence-reveals-BFF-Emma-Stone-texted-single-day-year.html

Dailymail Reporter

Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every single day for a year

Friendship goals achieved!

Jennifer Lawrence and Emma Stone are the BFFs of our dreams and their bond seems to be indestructible. So much so, that the two starlets texted every day for a year.

Jennifer recently revealed in her interview with Vanity Fair that the two were introduced by Woody Harrelson.

'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she texted with Emma Stone every day for a year

The actor, who co-starred in the Hunger Games series with Jennifer and Zombieland with Emma, thought they would hit it off.

He was right and the two began their very close friendship.

The Silver Linings Playbook star told the magazine: 'She texted me that she got my number from Woody.'

Introductions, please: Woody Harrelson introduced the actresses over text and the rest is history as they are all seen attending the Adele concert together in February

The duo then proceeded to text every day for a year.

'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook - 365 texts,' she continued.

Jennifer went on to say not all Hollywood friendships last, it depends on who the person is: 'Emma is so normal and lovely.'

BFFs: The two starlets revealed they have a mutual respect for one another and are each other's biggest fans. The two friends grab dinner together in New York in November 2015

Sisterly bond: Jennifer supports Emma at a special screening of La La Land in New York in October

The Easy A actress responded to Jennifer's comments via email admitting she was once intimidated by the successful star:

'She may not even know this, but there was definitely a time early on when I was like ‘OH HEY MY EGO IS GOING NUTS SHE’S SO GREAT AND VIBRANT AND TALENTED I’M SCREWED I’LL NEVER WORK AGAIN GOODBYE YELLOW BRICK ROAD.’

But that jealously didn't last long: 'We both really do love each other and care about each other as people, beyond being actors.'

Cover Girl: Jennifer Lawrence poses on the December issue of Vanity Fair Magazine

Jennifer also opened up to Vanity Fair about her romance with director Darren Aronofsky.

The December cover girl couldn't help but gush about the 47-year-old director.

'He's a visionary,' the 26-year-old shared of the Oscar nominee, who she has been reported to be dating since August.

Is it love? The couple were spotted walking hand-in-hand with Darren Aronofsky in New York earlier this month

They were spotted putting on a tactile display while out together in New York City earlier this month.

She and Darren are said to have gotten close while filming the upcoming home-invasion horror movie this past summer in Montreal.

