www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/celebrities/6644453/katie-holmes-jamie-foxx-split-wedding-tom-cruise/

Lauren Fruen

Katie Holmes ‘splits’ with Jamie Foxx and ‘calls off wedding’ months after revealing secret five-year romance

KATIE Holmes and Jamie Foxx have split just months after confirming their secret five-year romance, according to reports.

Actress Katie, 39, is said to have called off their marriage after with struggling trust issues.

3 Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx have split, according to reports Credit: Getty - Contributor

The couple only went public with their relationship in September last year but were first linked back in August 2013.

Radar Online reports Dawson's Creek star Katie called it quits with Jamie after reports he had been dating other women during their time together.

A source is said to have told Radar Online: "Katie just couldn’t get over her trust issues."

The pair had insisted they were just good friends following Katie's divorce from Tom Cruise.

Two years ago, Jamie was forced to deny dating Katie when a picture emerged of the two of them holding hands in a recording studio.

Jamie Foxx abandons live interview when asked about girlfriend Katie Holmes

3 The pair were first linked five years ago but only went public with their romance in 2017 Credit: Getty - Contributor

3 Katie was said to have been banned from having a public relationship under the terms of her divorce from Tom Cruise Credit: Getty Images - Getty

Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx spotted dancing together

MOST READ IN CELEBRITY hitting back Natalie Nunn slams Chloe Ayling as she breaks silence on Dan Osborne threesome HUD-SON! Corrie's Lucy-Jo Hudson reveals she’s having a baby boy after Alan Halsall split cobble chaos First look at Coronation Street's controversial Christmas Day gun rampage TREE-T Christine McGuinness puts up first Xmas tree in 6yrs after they upset autistic twins another banjo baby Ashley Banjo's wife expecting 2nd baby just 10 months after giving birth Fair Price Katie Price helps son Harvey sell charity Xmas cards after bankruptcy

Katie was said to have been banned from having a public relationship under the strict terms of her quickie divorce from superstar Tom Cruise.

She was said to have had gone to extraordinary lengths to keep relationship with Jamie a secret.

Sun Online have contacted Katie and Jamie's representatives for comment.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.

We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

