www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/3221562/sophia-thomalla-gavin-rossdale-girlfriend-german-tv-presenter/

Seamus Duff

Who is Sophia Thomalla? Gavin Rossdale’s girlfriend, German TV presenter and model

SOPHIA Thomalla is known for her long legs and stunning beauty.

She is also the new love in Gavin Rossdale's life - but what else is there to know about the international model...

3 Sophia Thomolla is a German model, actress and TV presenter Credit: B66

Who is Sophia Thomalla and were is she from?

Sophia Thomalla is a German model, actress and TV presenter born in Berlin on 6 October 1989.

She grew up in Berlin and Cologne.

She studied acting and singing at the Constantin School in Bochum between 2007 and 2009.

As a model Sophia has starred in campaigns including a lingerie clad appearance to promote Axe deodorant.

In 2009 she tried her luck on Germany’s Next Top Model.

Unfortunately it wasn't meant to be, and left the show after one episode.

3 Sophia is dating rocker Gavin Rossdale Credit: Splash News

When did Sophia Thomalla start dating Gaving Rossdale?

Sophia Thomalla was first linked to The Voice coach and Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale on 30 March 2017.

“It’s very early days but Gavin is really taken by Sophia,” a source revealed to The Sun.

“They met on the touring scene and there’s plenty of chemistry. They’re having fun and the relationship has the potential to turn serious if that continues,” they added.

3 Sophia married Norwegian rocker Andy LaPlegua in 2016 Credit: private/Instagram

Who was Sophia Thomalla married to before?

Sophia has enjoyed high profile romances with two rock stars from Europe.

She married Norwegian rock singer Andy LaPlegua of the band Icon of Coil on 11 March 2016 in Marietta, Georgia, after one year of dating.

Prior to this, she dated German rock star Till Lindemann of the band Rammstein – with the pair first linked in early 2011, however they had split by November 2015.

What TV shows and films has Sophia Thomolla starred in?

Sophia Thomolla made her acting debut in the German TV show Commissario Laurenti.

She has featured in a number of German language productions and also works as a presenter - and was a contestant on Let's Dance (Germany's Strictly Come Dancing) in 2010.

In 2016, she was a judge on the German version of Dance, Dance, Dance and appeared on tattoo show Pain & Fame.

