www.femalefirst.co.uk/parenting/kristen-bell-dax-shepard-313507.html

Cara Mason

Kristen Bell - Lincoln Bell Shepard Is A Boys Name

Kristen Bell

Kristen Bell has revealled her baby girl's name was picked for a boy.

Bell who gave birth to her and her fiancé Dax Shepard's first child, Lincoln Bell Shepard, in March has confessed they gave her the name because during the pregnancy she "vibed" their child was going to be a boy.

Kristen got pregnant while she was shooting her new movie 'The Lifeguard' Kristen got pregnant while she was shooting her new movie 'The Lifeguard'

Kristen added: "He (Dax) always wanted his first to be named Lincoln and so we got lazy when we found out she was a girl and said 'Hey, why not Lincoln?' "

Kristen has loved every minute of motherhood since four-month-old Lincoln was born and admits she and the tot share a very special bond.

Kristen has loved every minute of motherhood since four-month-old Lincoln was born Kristen has loved every minute of motherhood since four-month-old Lincoln was born

She explained: "She's so delicious, she's wonderful. She's my best friend."

Kristen got pregnant while she was shooting her new movie 'The Lifeguard' - in which she portrays 29-year-old reporter Leigh who quits her job in New York City and returns to her hometown to work as a lifeguard and embarks on a relationship with a 16-year-old boy - and she was worried Dax would be uncomfortable with the intimate scenes she had to shoot.

But sure enough I came home pregnant. Yes is was Dax's baby But sure enough I came home pregnant. Yes is was Dax's baby

When she asked her partner if would be OK with her playing such a racy role, the 'Hit and Run' actor told her to take the role as long as she didn't come home pregnant - something Kristen didn't do.

Speaking on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' last night (29.07.13), she jokingly revealed: "I had asked Dax, because you know, you still have a real life ... I asked my partner, 'This is fairly intimate, how do you feel about this?'

"He said, 'You know what you can do anything you want, as long as you don't come home pregnant, go for it.' But sure enough I came home pregnant. Yes is was Dax's baby!"

by Cara Mason for www.femalefirst.co.uk

find me on and follow me on

