www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/khloe-kardashian-dumped-135150/photos/tristan-khloe-6-243429

Life, Style Magazine

Tristan Thompson Dumps Khloé Kardashian Following Blowup Fight

Will Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson ever tie the knot?

The reality star's relationship with her NBA player boyfriend recently took a turn for the worse. Sources exclusively told Life & Style that Khloé might not walk down the aisle as quickly as she thought. Apparently, her Prince Charming experienced a last-minute change of heart making the 32-year-old feel as if she was left at the altar.

MORE: Lamar Odom's Daughter Slams His "Toxic" Relationship With Khloé Kardashian

"He got cold feet around the NBA Finals and called things off," an insider exclusively revealed. "Since he backed off so abruptly, Khloé feels as if she was left at the altar!"

The negative attention the relationship has brought the 26-year-old Cleveland Cavaliers player is beginning to do its damage. Fans criticized Tristan for choosing to date a Kardashian and even said he'll be affected by the so-called "Kardashian curse" that plagues exes of the famous family.

MORE: Khloé Kardashian Sports "Raw Sausage" Lips on Snapchat After Apparent Injections

"Everyone kept talking about the 'Kardashian curse,' claiming that his fiancée is somehow to blame for his team's loss against the Golden State Warriors. He didn't play up to his potential and he got frustrated, then had a big blowup where he yelled at her that he wanted his space so he could focus on his career," the source said.

Even though the wedding is off (for now) Koko hasn't lost hope in her happily-ever-after. "Khloé has seen Tristan since their fight and things have cooled in their relationship, but she is dying to make it work,” the source continued. "Tristan doesn’t seem as convinced, but he loves her and him really doesn’t want to throw it all away.”

For more exclusive details on the Kardashians, be sure to pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now. And check out Khloé and Tristan's cutest photos in the gallery below!

