celebrityinsider.org/kanye-west-is-reportedly-heading-for-another-breakdown-and-relapse-173090/

Suzy Kerr

Kanye West Is Reportedly Heading For Another Breakdown And Relapse

One week after his late mother’s birthday, Kanye West found himself in the hospital. The troubled rapper sought medical treatment for a flu-like illness, but insiders say that the anniversary of Donda West’s birthday always brings problems. Could West be headed for another breakdown?

According to Radar Online, West’s wife Kim Kardashian is tired of her husband’s behavior.

“Whenever anything arises that makes Kanye reflect back on Donda’s death, he gets all weird, and Kim is just sick of it,” reveals a source. “He is constantly blaming his mom’s death, and while the family tries to be understanding, they are all tired of him using Donda’s death as a reason for him to go off the rails again.”

'Kids See Ghosts II' possibly next year? ? https://t.co/X12U8ojrVG — XXL Magazine (@XXL) July 25, 2018

The insider adds that West has a cycle of behavior that starts with him isolating himself and becoming withdrawn. Then, when anyone questions his motives, he starts acting crazy and gets defensive. He feels that people are being insensitive about his mom’s death.

Kardashian continues to defend her husband and tells her family “to lay off.” But, she is getting sick of West’s behavior.

Back in 2016, the rapper had a meltdown around the time of his mom’s birthday. He later admitted in an interview that he had to seek treatment for substance abuse after getting hooked on painkillers.

The insider also claims that Kardashian is tired of covering her husband’s tracks, and the family is afraid he could be heading for another relapse. For about a week, West has apparently been showing signs of mental instability. The 41-year-old has allegedly been “acting strange” since July 12th – Donda West’s birthday – but no one will say anything to him out of fear that he will “freak out.”

After his brief hospital visit, People Magazine is reporting that West is getting stronger. Doctors ran tests and gave him some meds, and now the rapper needs to rest. He had been sick for a few days, and didn’t get better, so Kardashian took him to get medical treatment. The reality star wanted to be sure he didn’t have pneumonia like their son Saint did back in January.

Since he returned home from the hospital, West’s daughter North has been helping him heal. He tweeted earlier this week that he could “still feel the love,” and shared a pic of the 5-year-old giving him a kiss on the cheek.

Despite not feeling well, West and attended rapper Pusha T’s wedding to Virginia Williams at the Cavalier Hotel in Virginia Beach. Other guests included Pharrell Williams, The Dream, Fabolous, and Trey Songz.

Advertisement

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have not commented on the rumors surrounding his mental health.

