www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5907597/Kim-Kardashian-proves-Beyonce-fan-bops-Destinys-Child-sister-Khloe.html

Sameer Suri For Dailymail.Com

Kim Kardashian proves she IS a Beyonce fan

It's no secret that Kim Kardashian and Beyonce have not always seen eye-to-eye.

But when Beyonce's old group Destiny's Child comes on the radio, even Kim and her buddy Carla DiBello find themselves unable to resist joining in.

Kim, 37, posted a video to her Insta Story on Saturday of herself and Carla bopping along to the 2001 Destiny's Child song Bootylicious.

Having a ball: When Beyonce's old girl group Destiny's Child comes on the radio, even Kim Kardashian (right) and her pal Carla DiBello find themselves unable to resist joining in

Rumors of a feud between Kim and Beyonce have been circulating for years, ever since Kim took up with Kanye West, her third husband and father of her children.

Early in his career, Kanye was the protege of Beyonce's husband Jay-Z - though late in 2016, Kanye lambasted Jay-Z onstage for not paying a visit after Kim was traumatically robbed at gunpoint in a Paris hotel.

It was not the first time Beyonce and Jay-Z were regarded as having snubbed Kim and Kanye, a couple affectionately known as 'Kimye.'

Jay-Z and Beyonce neglected to attend Kimye's Florentine wedding in 2014 - an absence that was so widely discussed, Kim's mother Kris Jenner was asked about it on The Kyle And Jackie O Show, where she airily waved the subject off.

Side by side: The two sisters, both of whom welcomed baby daughters this year, were both wrapped up in denim jackets on their car trip

Kris said of Jay-Z and Beyonce's being a no-show that 'there was so much commotion and excitement, I never, ever even gave that a second thought. I know they sent really nice wishes to Kanye and Kim and I just assumed they were working, so I didn't hear anything other than that.'

She went on to say that 'I think that there was so much going on, if you would've been there, you would've thought that was the last thing on anybody's mind.'

Yet this April on The Breakfast Club, Kanye admitted that 'at the time I was hurt' by the Carters' decision to skip his nuptials at the Forte Di Belvedere - having had their names engraved into the marble table.

Duo: Rumors of a feud between Kim and Beyonce have been circulating for years, ever since Kim took up with Kanye West; the two women are pictured at the 2015 Grammys

'You know, I gotta say, you know, I was hurt about them not coming to the wedding. I understand they was going through some things, but if it's family, you know, you're not gonna miss a wedding, you know?' he said.

When Charlamagne Tha God asked why the Carters steered clear of the wedding, Kanye said: 'I'm not sure. I'm past it, but at the time I was hurt about it.'

Beyonce did wish them 'a lifetime of unconditional love' via Instagram, and there were outside circumstances rumored to have led to her and Jay-Z's non-attendance.

Throwback: Early in his career, Kanye was the protégé of Beyonce's husband Jay-Z; the two couples are pictured in the audience of the 2012 BET Awards

Only a few weeks before the wedding, on the night of the 2014 Met Ball, security footage in an elevator captured Beyonce's sister Solange kicking and striking Jay-Z, who gallantly declined to fight back.

Beyonce could be seen standing by, then eventually pushing her way between her sister and husband as a man in a suit pulled Solange away from her target.

On the night of her attack on Jay-Z, Solange also allegedly shouted at fashion designer Rachel Roy - a guest at Kimye's wedding.

Powerhouse: In 2016, Kanye lambasted Jay-Z onstage for not paying a visit after Kim was traumatically robbed; he is pictured playing a different concert the same month

In 2016, when Beyonce appeared to accuse Jay-Z of adultery on her visual album Lemonade, a rash of unsubstantiated Internet rumors flared that Rachel had been his other woman - 'Becky with the good hair,' as Beyonce called her.

There is the possibility that Beyonce and Jay-Z avoided the Kimye nuptials in order to maintain a low profile amid the elevator scandal.

Jay-Z and Beyonce released their joint album Everything Is Love last month, and a couple of Jay-Z's lines on the song FRIENDS were speculated to be about Kim and Kanye's wedding.

'God bless your beautiful family': Jay-Z and Beyonce neglected to attend Kimye's Florentine wedding in 2014 - though Beyonce did congratulate them on their nuptials via Instagram

'I ain't goin' to nobody for nothin' when me and my wife beefin'. I don't care if the house on fire, I'm dyin', n****, I ain't leavin',' Jay-Z explained in verse.

Between the wedding and Kanye's onstage outburst about Jay-Z's not visiting after Kim's robbery, the two couples kept their relationship publicly friendly.

Kim and Beyonce were glimpsed chumming about at public events including Kanye's show at New York Fashion Week in February of 2015.

The same year, Kanye even said that Beck should have given up his Album Of The Year Grammy to Beyonce - though he ultimately apologized to Beck.

