www.etonline.com/kanye-west-admits-he-was-hurt-when-jay-z-and-beyonce-missed-his-and-kim-kardashians-wedding-101426

Jackie Willis

Kanye West Admits He Was 'Hurt' When JAY-Z and Beyonce Missed His and Kim Kardashian's Wedding

Kanye West says he and JAY-Z have "positive energy" between them now, but he hasn't forgotten that his longtime friend missed one of the most important days of his life.

In a nearly two hour-long interview released on Tuesday with Charlamagne tha God from iHeartRadio’sThe Breakfast Club, Kanye talks about what led to his rift with JAY-Z, expressing the disappointment he felt when the 48-year-old rapper and his wife, Beyonce, did not attend his 2014 wedding in Italy to Kim Kardashian West.

"I was hurt about them not coming to the wedding. I understand they were going through some things, but if it's family, you're not going to miss a wedding," he says. "I gotta state my truth."

"You just start coming up with all types of crazy things in your head," Kanye adds, noting that he started to feel "like the cousin that you can't bring around."

When asked if he knows why JAY-Z and Beyonce skipped the nuptials, Kanye says he never asked them. "I'm not sure, I'm past it, but at the time I was hurt about it," he replies. "I don't think I ever asked him that question directly."

As for the state of his friendship with JAY today, Kanye says, "We good. We texting each other, positive energy."

Charlamagne also inquired as to whether the Watch the Throne collaborators have seen each other, to which Kanye admits, "I haven't seen him, but I can feel him."

He adds, "We'll do it. Sometimes also when you have such similar personalities ...they need to do it on our own."

Kanye also addresses JAY-Z's slight dig about him in the song, "Kill JAY-Z," but doesn't seem mad about it. "He did it in a brotherly way," he notes. "He could have done a record, it was a bar."



The father of three also tends to call out those close to him and those in the industry in both his songs and tweets. He's recently been back in the news, thanks to his spirited, albeit controversial, return to Twitter. Check out Kanye's latest messages:

RELATED CONTENT:

Kanye West Says 'Taylor Swift Moment' and Kim Kardashian's Robbery Led to His Breakdown

Kanye West Says He Wants to 'Stop Hating' Late Mother's Surgeon -- and Put Him on His Album Cover

Kim Kardashian Says She Didn't Even Know Kanye West Was Back on Twitter

Kim Kardashian Goes Topless in Bedroom Pic Taken By Kanye West Embed Code Restart

Related Gallery

