www.etonline.com/inside-angelina-jolies-post-split-life-without-brad-pitt-exclusive-99099

Desiree Murphy

Inside Angelina Jolie's Post-Split Life Without Brad Pitt (Exclusive)

Looks like Angelina Jolie is slowly moving on.

A source tells ET that although "it's not serious," the 42-year-old actress is "seeing" someone, marking her first potential relationship since calling it quits from her estranged husband, Brad Pitt, in September 2016 after two years of marriage.

"Brad and Angie are both very secretive about their dating life. Angie has told some friends she isn't ready to date, but she has been seeing a handsome, older-looking man who is a real estate agent," the source claims. "He isn't a celebrity or high profile in any way."

"Angie was in a very bad place after [her] split [from Brad]," the source adds. "Just having another adult to spend time with has been helpful."

The source says that Pitt has also moved on, and any possibility of him getting back together with Jolie is highly unlikely.

"People talk about them reuniting, but it will never happen," the source tells us. "Things between Brad and Angie really ended poorly, and while they've attempted therapy with the [six] children [they share], they can barely be in the same room together."

ET has reached out to Jolie's rep for comment.

Despite the highly publicized breakup, Jolie appears to be enjoying her day-to-day life. In addition to her job as an actress, filmmaker and humanitarian, the brunette beauty has been spending a lot of quality time with Shiloh, Maddox, Vivienne, Zahara, Pax and Knox, the six kids she shares with Pitt.

Earlier this month, she took a few of them to go see the new Tomb Raider reboot, which stars Alicia Vikander as Lara Croft, the iconic role she originally played in 2001's Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, and again in 2003 for the sequel, Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life. She's also been spotted out and about, doing normal, everyday activities, like grocery shopping.

While Jolie has seemingly started to become comfortable on her own, Pitt (who's notoriously private), has become a changed man, going out more and enjoying time with close friends, an additional source told ET on Monday.

"He has made changes in his life since the split," the source said. "When they first split, he spent a lot of time at home and was often very down about what was going on. He was a homebody for many months, but in the last month or two, he’s been going out more. He enjoys going out to eat with close friends."

"He's very private about who he’s seeing, but he does continue to casually date," the source added. "The women he sees are not in the public eye."

Hear more in the video below.

Reporting by Adriane Schwartz.

RELATED CONTENT:

How Brad Pitt Is a Changed Man After Angelina Jolie Split (Exclusive)

Angelina Jolie Takes Kids to Movies on Opening Weekend of 'Tomb Raider' Reboot

Angelina Jolie Discusses Juggling Priorities as a Mom and Avoiding Living an 'Empty Life'

How Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's Relationship Has Improved Since Split Embed Code Restart

Related Gallery

