hollywoodlife.com/2018/01/29/kylie-jenner-regrets-pregnancy-travis-scott-wishes-tyga-baby/

Beth Shilliday, Senior Evening Writer

Kylie Jenner Has Major Regrets Over Pregnancy With Travis Scott — It Should Have Been Tyga’s Baby

Kylie Jenner is having a case of baby daddy regret. We’ve got EXCLUSIVE details on how she’s wishing she was having ex Tyga’s child instead of Travis Scott’s.

Uh oh! As Kylie Jenner‘s due date approaches, her baby daddy Travis Scott, 25, is still pretty much absent from her life. Unlike her ex Tyga, 28, who was always there catering to the reality star’s every whim. Now she wondering if she picked the wrong guy to have a baby with. “Kylie is dealing with major regrets over her pregnancy as her due date quickly approaches. She is second guessing the biggest decision in her life, having a baby with Travis. As her relationship with her baby daddy is so rocky and uncertain, Kylie is starting to think he she made the wrong decision by deciding to have a baby with someone who is no longer present much in her life,” a source close to the cosmetics queen tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.

“She has been having trouble sleeping late at night, worrying about her decisions. Kylie can’t help but wonder how things would be different if her baby was Tyga’s. She misses her ex Tyga, who was always caring and present, and she is beginning to think it should have been Tyga’s baby, not Travis'” our insider continues.

The 20-year-old’s nearly three year relationship with Tyga had just ended for good a month before she started dating Travis back in April of 2017. She got pregnant after they were together for only a few months, which isn’t exactly a solid foundation. At two months most couples haven’t even said their “I love you’s” yet, let alone find out they’re becoming parents together. With Tyga, she knew she had a guy who loved her deeply and was always there for her, even if they did fight a lot. Plus he showed that he’s already a great dad with his son King Cairo, 4. Who knows if Travis will make a wonderful father or not, but so far he hasn’t exactly been the most supportive partner to someone he’s going to share a child with.

HollywoodLifers, do you think Tyga would have made a better baby daddy for Kylie? Or do you think Travis will come through as a decent parent?

