www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5292741/Ben-Affleck-lands-NYC-denying-hes-engaged.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Ben Affleck lands in NYC after denying he's engaged

Ben Affleck made his arrival into the Big Apple looking comfortable in a pair of jeans, grey T-shirt and navy blue jacket on Saturday.

This comes after his rep denied to DailyMail.com that he was engaged to Lindsay Shookus.

On Wednesday Life & Style claimed the couple, who have been dating for six months, are making plans to walk down the aisle. 'He's fallen hard,' an insider told the publication. 'It's no surprise that they're now taking their relationship to the next level.'

Scroll down for video

New York state of mind: Ben Affleck arrived into the Big Apple on Saturday

Not Lindsay: The Justice League actor was spotted with an unidentified woman at the airport, but it is believed he is in town to see his rumored fiance

Shookus, a TV producer for Saturday Night Live, has yet to be seen with an engagement ring on her wedding finger.

But the magazine has pointed out that has been seen wearing a diamond ring on her right hand and this could be an engagement ring.

Even though he was accompanied by an unidentified woman, he is more than likely in town to see his lady love, 37, who lives in the metropolitan city.

Happy days: Ben and Lindsay have been dating publicly for six months; seen in November

Affleck often flies to Manhattan to spend time with the blonde beauty.

Ben has yet to finalize his divorce from Jennifer Garner, with whom he has three children: Violet, Seraphina and Samuel.

Lindsay's divorce from Late Night With Seth Meyers producer Kevin Miller has also not been finalized.

The former couple, who met when they were both working on SNL, are parents to a four-year-old daughter.

Not final: His divorce to Jennifer Garner has yet to be finalized; seen in April

'He's a huge romantic at heart and isn't one to wait around when it comes to getting married,' the L&S source continued.

'Ben is the happiest he's ever been. He knows Lindsay is "the one," and the feeling is mutual.'

The couple has reportedly been spotted house hunting near New York's Central Park and the Brentwood area of Los Angeles where he and Garner shared a home.

