www.aceshowbiz.com/news/view/00120813.html

Jennie Amelia

Report: Reese Witherspoon and Meryl Streep Have 'Power Struggle' on 'Big Little Lies' Set

Instagram TV

There's allegedly some mounting tension between Witherspoon and the veteran actress on the set of the hit HBO drama series as Witherspoon is 'really unfriendly' to her co-stars.

May 29, 2018

AceShowbiz - A real drama is reportedly brewing on the set of "Big Little Lies". As filming on the show's second season is underway, tension is mounting between Reese Witherspoon and Meryl Streep, according to In Touch (via Life&Style).

There's allegedly a power struggle between Witherspoon, who also executive produces the show, and Streep, who just joins the cast for season 2. The 42-year-old star is said acting like she was the star of the show and it causes the situation awkward with her other co-stars. "I could tell Reese thinks she wears the pants," says a so-called insider. "There's definitely a power struggle between them."

Recently, Witherspoon and Streep along with their co-stars Nicole Kidman, Zoe Kravitz and Laura Dern were seen having dinner together. The eyewitness says Reese was "really unfriendly" to everyone at the table during the dinner outing.

The news about the alleged tension between Witherspoon and Streep is a bit bizarre though, as the former previously expressed her excitement to have the three-time Academy Award-winning actress starring on "Big Little Lies".

"I called Nicole and I was like, 'Is this real life? Is this really happening?' And then I got off the phone with Nicole and I, like, hugged myself gently for a minute," she said on "Late Night with Seth Meyers". "And said, 'This is really happening. You're really working with Meryl Streep.' "

Witherspoon reprises her role as Madeline Martha Mackenzie, while Streep is tapped to portray Mary Louise Wright, Celeste's (Kidman) mother-in-law and the mother of Celeste's abusive husband, Perry Wright (Alexander Skarsgard), who was presumed dead in the first season.

Shailene Woodley is back as Jane Chapman, Laura Dern returns as Renata Klein and Zoe Kravitz still portrays Bonnie Carlson. Adam Scott is also set to reprise his role as Ed Mackenzie, Madeline's husband.

In the upcoming second season of the Emmy-winning series, Madeline is said to be confronting the truth of Perry's death and coming to terms with her own marriage and traditional notions of marriage. Meanwhile, Celeste is still reeling from her husband's death, "adrift, but determined to fight for her family and find the woman she once was."

The 7-episode season 2 of "Big Little Lies" reportedly will arrive in 2019.

