www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2017/kelly-ripa-jealous-of-michael-strahans-ratings-success-on-the-100000-pyramid-game-show/

Sean O'Brien

Kelly Ripa Jealous Of Michael Strahan’s Ratings Success On The $100,000 Pyramid Game Show?

Kelly Ripa and Michael Strahan did not end their relationship on positive terms, so it’s not very surprising that Michael Strahan’s ratings success on ‘The $100,000 Pyramid’ game show reportedly has his former co-host jealous and seething.

After Kelly’s and Michael’s blowup on ‘Live With Kelly’, there were plenty of rumors spinning around regarding the future of the show, the future of Kelly Ripa’s career, and the future of Michael Strahan’s career. However, the rumor mill died down a little when Kelly went on to host her show alone, and Michael landed Good Morning America and despite the passive aggressive interviews that Kelly gave since Michael’s departure (if we can call it that), things between the former co-hosts seemed to have died down a little.

However, Michael Strahan’s new game show ‘The $100,000 Pyramid’ has been making waves recently, both with ratings and guest stars. ABC has confirmed that stars like Rachael Ray, Tom Bergeron, Aaron Rodgers, and Cam Newton will all be appearing on the second season of ‘The $100,000 Pyramid’ when it returns in June.

The show has been gaining steam on the game show circuit, and as its been amassing a large fan base and impressive ratings, Kelly Ripa has allegedly felt even more slighted than she did before.

She was reportedly already jealous of the fact that Michael’s star was rising so quickly, and the fallout from their final days together on the show certainly didn’t help. Plus, the fact that he was immediately inundated with offers from other shows and higher rated shows, at that, reportedly made her seethe more, even though she had to put on a confident facade for the show.

But alas, there’s only so long that she can keep faking the fact that she doesn’t care about Michael’s success off the show, especially as she still struggles to find longer term co-hosts who’ll put up with her alleged attitude problems and diva behavior.

What do you guys think about Kelly Ripa’s jealousy over Michael Strahan’s new career successes? Do you think she’s still bitter over her former co-star’s ratings bonanza, or has she moved on? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below and don’t forget to check CDL for more Kelly Ripa news and updates right here.

Image Credit: Instagram

The ultimate #wcw @tarajiphenson 🔥🔥 #wombmates 💋💋 A post shared by Kelly Ripa (@kellyripa) on Apr 12, 2017 at 2:36pm PDT

