pagesix.com/2018/03/21/cara-delevingne-cuddles-up-to-paris-jackson-in-bed/

Jon Hornbuckle, The Sun, March

Cara Delevingne cuddles up to Paris Jackson in bed

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Cara Delevingne cuddles up to Paris Jackson as the pals share cozy snaps from bed together.

The pair reportedly met at the 2017 MTV Movie and TV Awards and have struck up a close friendship with constant rumors of a romance.

Paris shared the candid snaps of their girls’ night in on her Instagram account.

Giving fans a rare glimpse into her home, the only daughter of Michael Jackson captioned a shot of Cara: “A R T.”

The 25-year-old actress and model jumped on the bed, surrounded by kitsch artwork curated by Jackson.

Delevingne and Jackson watched 2015 romance movie “Carol” as they tucked into fresh strawberries.

Delevingne and Jackson first fueled romance rumors when they were spotted leaving a nightclub hand-in-hand in November 2017.

The following month Delevingne invited Jackson as her guest of honor to the Christmas Burberry X Bash in London – where they were again seen trying to sneak out together.

The Sun then reported that the pair spent much of the Christmas break together as they hopped between London, Italy and the Czech Republic, where Delevingne was filming her Amazon series “Carnival Row.”

A source said at the time: “They’re both really into their music and have been spending nights singing and jamming on the guitar.

“It’s early days, and Cara doesn’t really have time for a proper relationship due to her non-stop filming commitments with ‘Carnival Row,’ but there’s no denying there’s a spark.”

The women have been seen looking close during fashion week in London in February, and were once again spotted holding hands as they went for dinner.

Delevingne has said of her “liquid” sexuality: “As a child I used gay as a bad word, as in, ‘That’s so gay.’ All my friends did.

“[My parents] have been so, so supportive. I’m obviously in love, so if people want to say I’m gay, that’s great. But we’re all liquid – we change, we grow.”

