www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2108620/Brad-Pitts-family-beg-visit-grandmother-living-substandard-nursing-home.html

Daily Mail Reporter

Brad Pitt's family beg him to visit grandmother living in substandard nursing home

Brad Pitt's family beg him to visit grandmother living in 'substandard' nursing home



Brad Pitt's family have sent a public plea for the actor to visit his grandmother ahead of her 90th birthday.

The Moneyball star, 48, has not seen Betty Russell, who resides in an alleged 'sub-standard' nursing home in Oklahoma, for over four years, his great-aunt claims.

Speaking to The Sun, Mary Ann Lanier said: 'Betty misses him. He doesn't write, he doesn't seem to stay in contact with her. '

Estranged: Brad Pitt's family have issued a public plea for the actor to visit his elderly grandmother after a four-year absence

The last time Brad visited was in 2008, when he and Angelina Jolie, at the time pregnant with twins Knox and Vivienne, attended a family gathering with their children Maddox, Pax, Zahara and Shiloh.

'The last time he came to Shawnee, Angelina was very pregnant. She was just great, just like a member of the family,' Mary Ann told the paper.



'There was no put-on airs or anything like that. She is a beautiful person. I'm pleased she is with Brad and pleased she's so concerned with children, that both of them are.

Family-oriented: Brad and Angelina attended the Oscars with Brad's parents William and Jane over the weekend

Mrs Lanier alleges that her superstar nephew used to send his grandmother flowers every month and frequently called her to check in.

Mrs Russell's nursing home room is covered in pictures of her grandchildren and great-grandchildren, with the Jolie-Pitts featuring heavily, sheclaims .

The Rose Manor Nursing Center in Shawnee, Oklahoma, where Mrs Russell resides, rated far below average on a state inspection in December, the Sun reports.



Brad is close to his parents Jane and William, who accompanied him and Angelina to the Oscars over the weekend.

The Pitts are regularly pictured visiting the couple on film sets and helping to care for their brood.

A spokesperson for Pitt is yet to respond to Mail Online's request for comment.



close ties: Brad's parents are regular visitors to the family abroad and help care for the couple's six children





