radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/04/alex-rodriguez-cold-feet-jennifer-lopez-wedding/

Rosa Sanchez, April

Alex Rodriguez Gets Cold Feet About Wedding To Jennifer Lopez?

Alex Rodriguez Getting Cold Feet About Marrying Jennifer Lopez, Says Source The ex-baseball star is refusing to put a ring on it after one year with the singer.

Alex Rodriguez and Jennifer Lopez may look like one of the cutest celebrity couples out there, but RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned the former MLB star may be getting cold feet about marrying the singer!

“Alex and Jen are still very much together,” a source told Straight Shuter, “but wedding talk has almost totally disappeared!”

“At the moment, the couple is happy to live together, but they have no plans to get married any time soon,” added the insider.

As Radar readers know, Rodriguez, 42, and Lopez, 48, have gushed about their passionate relationship and blended family various times on social media. They’ve even told reporters that their kids get along very well and love spending time together.

While rumors of an upcoming wedding have been circling the pair for months, it seems fans will have to wait a while longer before seeing J.Lo walk down the aisle again.

“It’s actually A-Rod who’s the one that has poured cold water on the ‘I do’s,” continued the source. “He doesn’t see a need to put a ring on it — it wouldn’t make him any happier!”

Before they started dating in 2017, A-Rod and J.Lo tried their hand at marriage. The retired baseball player was with ex-wife Cynthia Scurtis for six years, while the singer wed Ojani Noa and Cris Judd before settling in with Marc Anthony for ten years.

For celebrities such as Rodriguez and Lopes, “a wedding would involve lawyers and even prenups, and he sees no point in that,” said the insider. “These two have both tried marriage before, and it didn’t work out that well. Maybe it’s time they both tried something different.”

Do you think Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez will ever tie the knot? Sound off in the comments below.

Straight Shuter’s Rub Shuter has all the latest gossip.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

