www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/katie-holmes-jamie-foxx-joshua-jackson-friendship-158804

Alex Riccardi

Jamie Foxx Upset Over Katie Holmes and Joshua Jackson's Friendship

Trouble in paradise? Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes were first spotted dancing together in the Hamptons in 2013 — just one year after she split from Tom Cruise. Although Jamie and Katie have never confirmed their romance, they have been spotted on date nights and canoodling plenty of times over the past several years. But recently, tension has been high between them as Jamie is getting a bit jealous of Katie’s friendship with former flame Joshua Jackson.

The 50-year-old Sleepless star was overheard venting about his tumultuous relationship with Katie while hanging out at Coachella. “He didn’t seem to care who heard him,” the source exclusively told In Touch. Jamie admitted that not only was Katie talking to Joshua again, but he was also “hurt” by it.

It’s imprtant to note that Katie and Joshua go way back, which is why Jamie probably “seemed pretty cut up by everything.” The former Dawson’s Creek co-stars dated in the ’90s and Katie admitted during an interview with Rolling Stone in 1998 that Joshua was her first love.

When asked about their relationship, a then 19-year-old Katie said, “I’m just going to say that I met somebody last year, I fell in love, I had my first love, and it was something so incredible and indescribable.” She added, “I feel so fortunate because he’s now one of my best friends. It’s weird, it’s almost like a Dawson-and-Joey type thing now.”

The pair broke things off before Katie went on to date Chris Klein for five years before marrying Tom in 2006. However, Katie and Joshua have always kept in touch despite other relationships. Surprisingly, she reached out to Joshua following her split from Tom in 2012.

“Like any old friend, it was like, ‘Oh, hi, how are ya? What’s going on?’; ‘I had a kid,'” Joshua told a Canadian talk show host about the phone call with Katie. “It was very nice, actually.”

So, does Jamie have a reason to be worried? That’s a tricky question, but Jamie isn’t as innocent as he seems — because he’s been texting his ex, too! At the beginning of March, sources exclusively told In Touch that Katie is starting to suspect that Jamie and his baby mama Kristin Grannis are more than just friends. “She recently found out about a string of texts Jamie sent to Kristin that included details of secret meetings — and him admitting he still loved her,” the insider said. And Jamie’s latest act of betrayal is him showing “a blatant lack of respect.”

