radaronline.com/videos/jennifer-aniston-diet-justin-theroux-feud/

Radar Staff, February

Jennifer Aniston's Ridiculous Diet Demands Putting Rift In Relationship

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux’s marriage is reportedly in trouble, but sources reveal exclusively to RadarOnline.com he can’t put up with her ridiculous diet demands any longer!

“Jen is banning all kinds of food from the house, and even though she’s barely spending any time in New York these days, she won’t let Justin have them at the apartment either,” says a source.

The actor is said to have “grown tired” of having to follow her “absurd rules all the time.”

“Right now, she won’t touch anything with soy or dairy in it and freaks out if she so much as sees them in the fridge.”

As fans know, Aniston, 48, has always been paranoid when it comes to staying in shape, and it’s not uncommon for her to go through these phases where she won’t eat certain things. But the insider reveals what’s causing problems is the fact that she insists Justin does the same.

“It’s just Jen’s latest way of controlling him,” claims the informant. “But this kind of behavior is not exactly going to help them get their relationship back on track.”

As Radar previously reported exclusively, according to a source, the duo’s two-year marriage was on the brink and erupted in a face-to-face showdown over the holidays after they had spent two and a half months apart. An insider claimed the incident sent the two hurtling toward a $225 million divorce.

The vicious bust-up at their Bel-Air mansion on Dec. 14 was “the fight to end all fights,” according to the informant — who saw a furious Justin storm out and head to a luxury hotel. “It was a stupid argument — the kind of disagreement most couples have. But this time things spiraled out of control, and Jen flipped out,” a source tattled to Radar.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

