www.businessinsider.com/kylie-jenner-richer-than-kim-kardashian-report-2018-7

Kate Taylor

Kylie Jenner is on the cusp of becoming the world's youngest self-made billionaire, with Forbes estimating her net worth to be 3 times as large as Kim Kardashian's

Kylie Jenner is on the cover of Forbes' "America's Women Billionaires" issue, with the magazine estimating the cosmetics entrepreneur is worth $900 million.

Forbes reports that Jenner is the 27th-richest self-made woman in the United States, beating out the rest of her famous family. (Her older sister Kim Kardashian West is estimated to be worth $350 million.)

According to Forbes, Jenner is on the cusp of becoming the youngest self-made billionaire in the world, a title Mark Zuckerberg earned at 23 years old.

Kylie Jenner may be the youngest sibling of the Kardashian/Jenner clan, but she is also the family member bringing in the most cash.

Jenner, who's on the cover of Forbes' August 2018 "America's Women Billionaires" issue, is worth roughly $900 million, according to the magazine.

According to Forbes' calculations, that makes her not only the Jenner or Kardashian with the highest net worth, but the 27th-richest self-made woman in the United States. For comparison, Forbes estimates that Jenner's older sister Kim Kardashian West is worth roughly $350 million.

The 20-year-old's net worth has skyrocketed thanks to the success of Kylie Cosmetics. Forbes conservatively values the company at $800 million, with an estimated $330 million in sales last year. Jenner is both the face of the company and the sole owner.

Forbes' Natalie Robehmed detailed how Kylie Cosmetics has found success by harnessing Jenner's immense social-media following and slashing costs by outsourcing labor. There are only five full-time employees, with Jenner's mother, Kris Jenner, handling finances and public relations in exchange for a 10% management cut, the report says.

Kylie Cosmetics is dealing with slowing growth — Forbes reports that revenue grew just 7% last year, with lip-kit revenue dropping an estimated 35%.

However, the magazine says it would take more than a slow year of sales to stop Jenner from reaching billionaire status and making history.

"Another year of growth will make her the youngest self-made billionaire ever, male or female, trumping Mark Zuckerberg, who became a billionaire at age 23," Robehmed reported.

