radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/03/jamie-foxx-strays-from-katie-holmes-with-baby-mama-kristin-grannis/

Radar Staff, March

Jamie Foxx Strays From Katie Holmes With His Baby Mama Kristin Grannis

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

Jamie Foxx Strays From Katie Holmes With His Baby Mama! Kristin Grannis and the actor ‘kept their relationship under wraps.’

Jamie Foxx has been caught straying from Katie Holmes with his baby mama he managed to keep secret for nine years!

The blatant betrayal came after The National ENQUIRER unmasked Kristin Grannis as the mother of Foxx’s youngest daughter, Annalise.

After the bombshell exclusive report, Foxx brazenly stepped out with Grannis, 40, for a recent date — and Holmes was nowhere to be seen.

“They’ve kept their relationship under wraps for nearly a decade, so to finally be exposed in The ENQUIRER probably came as a relief,” a friend said.

“It still doesn’t excuse Jamie’s behavior,” continued the pal. “He’s supposed to be with Katie, she will be devastated! No doubt she’ll demand answers from Jamie.”

Holmes, 39, started dating Foxx, 50, on the down-low in October 2013, but the romance has cooled since they were snapped holding hands on a beach last fall, said an insider.

“Katie’s friends believe she was the one trying to push their relationship, and it’s Jamie who likes to keep things covert,” noted the insider.

“Everyone has been worried about Katie since the beach photos because Jamie has essentially vanished from her life, and now he’s been out with another woman!”

Foxx met Grannis 16 years ago. They dated for years, and she gave birth to his now-nine-year-old daughter.

Sources close to Grannis noted she and Foxx had even made plans to marry and decided to elope to France.

“Kristin has never really dated anyone else since meeting Jamie,” said another insider. “Everybody around them thinks they are destined to be together.”

Grannis hadn’t had a job in years, and lives in a $2 million mansion bought with Foxx’s bucks.

“It’ll be a miracle if Jamie and Katie can survive this,” said a spy.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.

