metro.co.uk/2018/04/16/nicole-kidman-wants-keith-urban-join-cast-big-little-lies-not-convinced-7471560/

Tilly Pearce

Nicole Kidman wants Keith Urban to join cast of Big Little Lies but he’s not convinced

Nicole wants her husband Keith to join her in drama Big Little Lies (Picture: Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images)

Nicole Kidman has revealed that she wants her country crooner hubby Keith Urban to appear in the new series of Big Little Lies.

The 50-year-old Australian actress – who won a Golden Globe this year for her role as Celeste Wright in the smash hit HBO series – is turning on the charm to try and convince Keith, 50, to join her on screen.

However, as the couple spoke to Entertainment Tonight at the American Country Music Awards, it appears that the You’ll Think of Me singer isn’t so keen on moving over from the music studio to the movie set.

He told the website: ‘No. I’ll go on the set. I wouldn’t go on camera.’

Nicole scooped a number of awards – including a Golden Globe – for her role in the show (Picture: Paul Drinkwater/NBC via AP)

Nicole – who has been married to Keith since 2006 – couldn’t help but try and twist is arm and said: ‘He might do a cameo, wouldn’t you? … Never?’

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘I love being on set where Nic is,’ he added. ‘[But] I’d rather be in the studio.’

With filming commencing on series two, Nicole couldn’t help but tease on what was to come from the gripping drama – including a little more info on the new character, played by Meryl Streep.

Speaking highly of the screen icon and what they have in store for the character, she said: ‘She’s got a fantastic character.

Nicole is returning with Reese Witherspoon and Shailene Woodley for Big Little Lies series two (Picture: HBO)

‘It’s also grounded and it’s based in something very, very real, and we hope we bring you the [best] second season and it delivers. We’re working hard.’

The 68-year-old triple-Oscar-winning actress plays Mary Louise Wright in the show, mother of Perry Wright (Alexander Skarsgard), Celeste’s deceased husband.

With the new castmate already shooting her scenes, Keith revealed that he has already stopped by the set to see her in action.

He said: ‘I love that she’s joined this crazy cast and this incredible ‘Big Little Lies’. I’ve seen little bits and pieces of it already and it’s amazing.’

Meryl will be joining the returning cast from last series, which includes Hollywood heavyweights Laura Dern, Shailene Woodley and Reese Witherspoon.

Advertisement

Advertisement

However, fans will have a long wait for the show to return – as HBO president Casey Bloys revealed that the show ‘definitely won’t air in 2018’.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Reese Witherspoon gives us first glimpse of Meryl Streep and her wig in Big Little Lies season two

MORE: Nicole Kidman ‘didn’t really know’ who Keith Urban was until after their wedding day

