www.newidea.com.au/mary-kate-olsen-pregnant

Georgia Mars

US report: Mary-Kate Olsen pregnant

Mary-Kate Olsen is reportedly ready to start a family with husband, 48-year-old French financier Olivier Sarkozy, Star Magazine reports. And it alleges she may already be pregnant.

In a sensational report by the US publication, it's outrageously claimed that Ashley, rather than being happy for her identical twin sister, is 'fuming with jealousy', which was allegedly evident at their most recent public appearance.

'They've been at each other's throats and fighting over the littlest things ever since Mary-Kate broke the news to Ashley that she and Olivier are trying for a baby,' a source claimed to the publication. 'They put up a good front at the fashion show, but behind-the-scenes it was a nightmare.'

'Ashley is absolutely furious,' the source adds.

The famous sisters looked tense at a recent appearance Getty

Star claims that the petite beauty may have already conceived, noting that the star was spotted outside a West Hollywood sushi bar sporting a baby bump.

'No one would be surprised if she was expecting,' a source spills to Star. 'She and Olivier have been ready to have a baby for more than a year now.'

Mary-Kate and Olivier had a desire to start a family shortly after they began dating, Star claims. In 2012 it was reported that the couple were expecting, only to be devastated when Mary-Kate lost the baby a few weeks in.

'That was really painful,' a friend tells. 'But Olivier was totally there for her.'

Mary-Kate and Olivier looked smitten on date night Getty

The Star's report claims Mary-Kate's tragedy brought the sisters closer together, with the two showing up to a fashion event clinging together and Ashley clearly protective. But, the thought of Mary-Kate getting pregnant before her left Ashley 'seething with jealousy.'

'Ashley is so used to them doing everything together,' a source dishes to Star. 'I'm sure she thought they'd get pregnant at the same time!'

According to Star's outrageous report, Ashley feels left out. Plus, being a twin means that Mary-Kate's chances of conceiving multiple babies at the same time could leave Ashley twice as heartbroken.

'Her friends don't believe she'll want any part of any baby shower,' a source told the publication. 'It would just be a reminder of everything her sister has that she doesn't.'

Neither Ashley or Mary-Kate have responded to Star's allegations.

