www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4774410/Glum-Kylie-Jenner-admits-jealousy-sister-Kendall.html

Jabeen Waheed For Mailonline

Kylie Jenner admits jealousy over Kendall on Life of Kylie

Despite being one of the most famous faces in the entertainment business, Kylie Jenner expressed jealousy over her sister Kendall.

Speaking on her candid new reality show, Life Of Kylie, on Sunday, the social media savvy star compared her continued adjustment to fame against her supermodel sister and her glamorous pals.

'I see Kendall, Bella (Hadid) and Hailey (Baldwin), they're out here every day, they just put their outfits together, they're made for this,' Kylie admitted - before later stating in the episode that she 'wanted to run away.'

Envious: Kylie Jenner, 19, expressed jealousy over her sister Kendall's ability to handle the spotlight on the premiere episode of Life Of Kyle in Sunday

Kylie was evidently downcast as she made the observation in a frank discussion with her best friend Jordyn Woods: 'I just feel like this fame thing is going to come to an end sooner than we think.'

'I just don’t know who I’m doing it for. Sometimes I wish I can do what they (Kendall and friends) do. But that’s not me,' Kylie admitted.

This comes as a surprise given that Kylie has been in the spotlight for ten years after shooting to fame on Keeping Up With The Kardashians at the age of nine.

She usually sports quit the glamorous look for her plethora of events and for her sizzling selfies for her 96.4 million Instagram followers - which has transformed into a successful cosmetics range.

Shocking: This comes as a surprise given Kylie's usually glamorous outings in comparison to her supermodel sister's more reserved demeanour

'I wish I could do what she does!' The social media savvy star compared her continued adjustment to fame against her supermodel sister and her glamorous pals

'I just feel like this fame thing is going to come to an end': Kylie couldn't help but ponder her future in the episode

In comparison, Kendall has usually been the more reserved sister from their combined Jenner/Kardashian clan.

However, she has worked her way up to become a highly sought after model in the fashion industry.

Meanwhile, elsewhere int he episode of Kylie continued to vent her frustrations with fame - claiming: ''I just want to run away.'

During the Sunday debut, the beauty mogul spoke to a therapist about her struggles with being in the public eye.

Surprise confession: Kylie usually sports quit the glamorous look for her plethora of events and for her sizzling selfies for her 96.4 million Instagram followers - which has transformed into a successful cosmetics range

Model muse: In comparison, Kendall has shunned the reality TV spotlight and worked her way up to become a highly sought after model in the fashion industry

The teenager entrepreneur, who turns 20 in a few days, sat down for her first ever therapy session: 'When you grow up on camera, people feel like they know you,' she said.

'I for sure didn't choose this life - but I'm not going to say I'm not keeping up this lifestyle,' acknowledging that her social media activities makes her even more famous.

'I don't like all the attention because it reminds me I'm Kylie f****n Jenner,' the teen said.

The brunette said she wanted try therapy out 'to just figure out where I want to go in life.'

Getting candid: Kylie later stated in the episode that she 'wanted to run away'

Honesty: In the series premiere, the teenager entrepreneur said down for her first ever therapy session, where she said: 'When you grow up on camera, people feel like they know you'

Getting to the heart of it: The duo decided to surprise the high schooler, and spoke about him to his mom

She also checked an item on her bucket list, which was to experience prom.

Kylie and her best friend Jordyn Woods took a high school student named Albert to his prom in Sacramento.

The duo decided to surprise the high schooler; they first spoke about him to his mom, who revealed that her son has abandonment issues after his father left when he was six.

Emotional: mom, who revealed that her son has abandonment issue after his father left when he was six

Getting ready for the big night: She also checked an item on her bucket list, which was to experience prom

His mom also said that some kids at his school poked fun at the fact he didn't have a date for prom by putting up a sign.

It said: 'Albert needs a date to prom;' his mom said the poster hurt his feelings.

Kylie surprised the teen and revealed that both her and friend Jordyn were his prom dates - much to the glee of Albert and his classmates.

She said she hoped to change people's perspective of him and 'change his life a little. It was so cool. I'm so glad we made it here.'

Kylie and her best friend Jordyn Woods took a high school student named Albert to his prom in Sacramento

Fun: His mom also said that some kids at his school poked fun at the fact he didn't have a date for prom by putting up a cruel sign

Magical: Kylie surprises the teen at his prom and both her and friend Jordyn are his dates

The star noted that she has a soft spot for outcasts, adding that 'I still feel like an outcast because I can't relate to anyone.'

During public outings, Kylie is often completely surrounded by screaming fans- something which she is still not used to.

The Kylie Cosmetics founder explained on the show: 'Kim always says this is what she's made for and I respect that. But its hard to do normal things when every single person knows who you are.'

Missing out: She eveals she was homeschooled and never went to prom when talking to Albert

Overwhelming: During public outings, Kylie is often completely surrounded by screaming fans- something which she is still not used to

Surrounded: The Kylie Cosmetics founder explained: 'Kim always says this is what she's made for and I respect that. But its hard to do normal things when every single person knows who you are'

In another raw moment, Jordyn takes Kylie to a public outing to the beach - but at midnight in order to avoid being seen.

The emotional star told Jordyn: 'This fame thing is going to come to an end. Ijust don't know who I'm doing it for.'

Dressed in sweats and sneakers, Kylie talked about sister Kendall Jenner as well as friends Hailey Baldwin and Bella Hadid - people who she says 'are made for this,' referring to fame.

Kylie says that while she's grateful about her 'most extraordinary life,' she treasures the 'moments I feel normal - like a 19 year old girl. It's the best.'

Finding herself: She told Jordyn: 'This fame thing is going to come to an end. I just don't know who I'm doing it for'

Confessions: Kylie says that while she's grateful about her 'most extraordinary life,' she treasures the 'moments I feel normal - like a 19 year old girl. It's the best'

Flashback: Kylie said 'for so long i feel like I've been putting this different persona,' adding that she depended on social media to 'keep up this idea of who I am;' pictured Kylie at age nine

Truth: Kylie added that feels like she lost the funny side of herself and that now 'I'm kind of putting up a version of myself'

'I don't know what it's like to live a normal life where people just don't know who you are - to just get out of the car and not have everyone stare at you,' Kylie said.

She said 'for so long i feel like I've been putting this different persona,' adding that she depended on social media to 'keep up this idea of who I am.'

The star confessed: 'I think I lost a lot of parts of myself.'

She recalls being 14 years old and being able to embrace her playful personality.

Kylie added that feels like she lost the funny side of herself and that now 'I'm kind of putting up a version of myself.'

Goddess: Kylie said 'for so long i feel like I've been putting this different persona,' adding that she depended on social media to 'keep up this idea of who I am'

Heart to heart: Kylie added that feels like she lost the funny side of herself and that now 'I'm kind of putting up a version of myself'

She also touched on comments people share about her online, who often criticize her appearance and career.

The teen acknowledged that she knows 'a lot of people have it worse than me but sometimes its a lot to handle. Sometimes I'm like, this is it, I'm going crazy.'

The series also showed the funny Kylie, including the star coaching Jordyn during her blind date.

The duo have been friends since the summer after eighth grade.

While her friend went on a date, Kylie sat in her car with a walkie talkie - speaking to Jordyn through an ear piece.

Hurtful: She also touched on the cruel comments people share about her online, who often criticize her appearance and career

Light hearted: While her friend went on her date, Kylie sat in her car with a walkie talkie - speaking to Jordyn through an ear piece

Playful: The series also showed the funny side of Kylie, including the star coaching her Jordyn during her blind date

Fame game: The teen acknowledged that she knows 'a lot of people have it worse than me but sometimes its a lot to handle. sometimes I'm like, this is it, I'm going crazy'

Real Kylie: The Life Of Kylie airs on Sundays at 9 pm on E!

Support system: Kim Kardashian shared a sweet post to congratulate her sister on her new show; she wrote: 'So proud of my little sis @kyliejenner she has her own show!!!'

Jordyn talks to her date about having only two friends -which Kylie does not like to hear.

She badgers Jordyn on who the other friend is over and over again, continuously interrupting her date.

The Life Of Kylie airs on Sundays at 9 pm on E!

Looks yummy: Kylie sent donuts to her sisters to mark the premiere of her new series

