celebrityinsider.org/brad-pitt-is-being-urged-by-his-mother-jane-to-fight-angelina-jolie-for-his-childrens-custody-109780/

Mel Walker

Brad Pitt Is Being Urged By His Mother Jane To Fight Angelina Jolie For His Children’s Custody

Mama to the rescue, Brad Pitt is being told to man up and fight for his children against his estranged wife. According to a new report, Brad’s mother, Jane, is pushing him to stand up for the right to spend more time with his clan.

Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from her spouse in late 2016. Since the split, the mother and humanitarian is the one who has custody of the children.

She is often seen traveling and hitting the red carpets with them. Brad, who had taken some time out to enter rehab to deal with some of his issues, is back and determined to spend some quality time with Maddox, 16, Pax, 13, Zahara, 12, Shiloh, 11, and twins Vivienne and Knox, 9.

For example, it was reported that Angelina denied him access to the kids for the holidays.

An insider claimed: “The holidays are extra hard for Brad. He misses his kids more than ever. He does get to see them, but it is not nearly as much as he would like and it is always up to Angelina when it happens.”

The person went on to say that Angelina is waging war against the father of her children on other fronts.

A source told Hollywood Life: “Brad and Angelina have been at war on how to raise their many children. Angelina continues to drag them to red carpets events, award shows, and extravagant trips around the world while Brad has been doing the opposite. While Angelina has decided to treat the children like her best friends and takes them on fun dates to her award show appearances, Brad is a father who has wants to instill in his children the wholesome, humble, midwest values he grew up learning.”

The insider said: “Every time Brad sees another picture in the press of Angelina and the kids, he quietly fumes while and he doubles his energy to provide the children with a quiet, peaceful, normal life. Their opposite opinions on raising their six children, in and out of the spotlight, is a big reason behind their divorce and it is why the former power couple are still at war today.”

Advertisement

Fans are hoping the pair will work this out away from the spotlight in an amicable way.

