www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4226424/Emma-Watson-accused-diva-behaviour-ELLE-Awards.html

Marc Jackson For Mailonline

Emma Watson accused of 'diva behaviour' at ELLE Awards

She was awarded the top prize of the evening, picking up the Woman Of The Year trophy at the ELLE Style Awards on Monday night.

But Emma Watson appeared uninterested in receiving the honour - and even kept organisers waiting for 90 minutes.

The Harry Potter star, 26, has been accused of 'diva behaviour' after she was tardy and also refused to walk the red carpet alongside a host of A-list stars.

Scroll down for video

Diva? Emma Watson appeared uninterested in receiving the top honour at the Elle Style Awards on Monday - and even kept organisers waiting for 90 minutes for her arrival

A source tells MailOnline: 'Emma clearly wasn't interested in the event. She showed up 90 minutes late for the event and refused to walk the red carpet.

'She also insisted on only having her picture taken in a special room with her chosen photographer rather than alongside all the other stars at the bash. She was behaving like a diva.'

After receiving the prize, she was quickly whisked away from the event alone - snubbing the raucous bash at London's 41 Conduit Street.

Emma had stunned in a ivory Dior gown but covered it in a wool coat as she made a speedy exit out of the venue.

Special treatment: The Harry Potter star, 26, has been accused of 'diva behaviour' after she was tardy and also refused to walk the red carpet alongside a host of A-list stars, having her picture taken by her personally chosen photographer in a separate room

Taxi! The actress then spent less than an hour at the event, skipping the raucous bash at London's 41 Conduit Street and heading home

Emma appeared a little sombre as she headed home following her big night, which saw her collect the coveted Woman Of The Year prize.

The Harry Potter favourite missed out on a fun-filled bash, with the night descending into a booze-fuelled danceathon.

Model Eliza Cummings was seen cutting loose on the dancefloor, glass of wine in hand, before posing with the fashion pack including Alice Dellal and Henry Holland.

Calling it a night: Emma appeared a little sombre as she headed home following her big night, which saw her collect the coveted Woman Of The Year prize

Wrapping up warm: Emma sported a long wool coat over her elegant gown

Off she goes! Emma snuggled up in the back seat of her ride, looking like she was ready for bed

Also throwing some serious shapes on the dancefloor was Sasha Lane, who went wild with a Sink The Pink performer.

The rising star, who got her big break in American Honey last year, was celebrating her Breathrough Actress win.

Earlier in the evening, she had shunned the red carpet with the rest of the stars, heading straight into the main hall.

Throwing shapes: Guests at the star-studded bash, including model Eliza Cummings, were having a blast inside the event

Party time: Elsewhere, Eliza let her hair down inside the venue, glass of wine in hand

Party girls: Alice Dellal and Eliza looked like they were have a whale of a time

Group shot: Designer Henry Holland also cosied up to Sam Rollinson and Matt Richardson

Dance party: Sasha Lane and her friend couldn't help but boogie to the music

Dance, dance: Sasha was particularly enamored with a fellow dancer

Emma received the prestigious Woman of the Year Award in recognition of her impressive acting career and powerful campaigning for gender equality.

Other winners on the night included the inimitable Debbie Harry who was named Style Icon, Christine and The Queens, who picked up the Album of the Year Award for Chaleur Humaine, Burberry’s Christopher Bailey took home British Brand Of The Year, Riz Ahmed was awarded with TV Actor of the Year and Model of The Year went to Damaris Goddrie.

Emma was the picture of elegance in her strapless ivory number, which fell to the floor in soft pleats.

The Harry Potter star's striking dress was embellished with intricate illustrations that looked straight out of a story book, including a bold tree and astrology symbols.

