www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6149389/kim-kardashians-khloe-kourtney-unfollow-kanye-west-twitter/

Dan Cain

Kim Kardashian’s sisters unfollow Kanye West on Twitter as a host of stars also ditch rapper over his support for ‘my brother’ Donald Trump

KIM Kardashian's sisters Kourtney, Khloe and Kylie have cut ties with Kanye West on Twitter after the rapper posted messages in support of US President Donald Trump.

The sisters have seemingly been left unimpressed by the rapper's continual stream of tweets over the last two days, following a year-long absence from the platform.

6 Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian have cut ties with Kanye West on Twitter after pro-Trump tweets Credit: Rex Features

6 Kanye, mocked up as Trump, has been criticised for his bromance with the US President

They're not the only high profile names to boycott Kanye online, with Kanye's former collaborators Drake, Nicki Minaj, and Rihanna joining Justin Bieber, Harry Styles and Kendrick Lamar all unfollowing the controversial star.

The online exodus hasn't been missed by eagle-eyed social media users, with one writing on Twitter: "Zayn & Harry both unfollowed Kanye on Twitter. Kings.

Another said :"Rihanna, Drake, Katy, Ariana, Kendrick, Zayn, Nicki etc. all unfollowed Kanye 💀 he really ended himself :(."

While a third added: "Khloe, Kylie and Kourtney all unfollowed Kanye. Kris working hard today."

6 The rapper has broken a year-long absence from Twitter in spectacular fashion Credit: Splash News

6 Kylie Jenner has also snubbed the musician Credit: Getty Images - Getty

jaden smith, rihanna, harry styles, justin bieber, the weeknd, kendrick lamar etc. all unfollowed kanye! i love this song pic.twitter.com/BVMCYInuH0 — mani (@marasmeIody) April 25, 2018

Khloe, Kylie and Kourtney all unfollowed Kanye. Kris working hard today pic.twitter.com/dBwLcd2Ijo — fake georgia (@lemonadenormani) April 25, 2018

Rihanna, Drake, Katy, Ariana, Kendrick, Zayn, Nicki etc. all unfollowed Kanye 💀 he really ended himself :( — dimitri (@xtinaspipe) April 25, 2018

Kanye proved his bromance with Donald Trump is still going strong yesterday in a series of tweets.

Calling Trump "my brother," he claimed they both have "dragon energy". The President replied saying the rapper was "very cool".

6 Kanye and Trump pose together at Trump Tower the day after the 2016 US election Credit: AP:Associated Press

6 Kanye has never hidden his love for the US President and even embraced him at Trump Tower Credit: AFP or licensors

Their most recent display of affection follows years of social media appreciation between Trump and the President.

The loved-up posts were rumoured to have cost the rapper nine million Twitter follows, but the claims have been proved false after Twitter confirmed Kanye still boasts around 27million followers.

Kanye, 40, tweeted: "You don’t have to agree with Trump but the mob can’t make me not love him."

He also shared a picture of a Make America Great Again cap and wrote: "My MAGA hat is signed", followed by a string of fire emojis.

You don't have to agree with trump but the mob can't make me not love him. We are both dragon energy. He is my brother. I love everyone. I don't agree with everything anyone does. That's what makes us individuals. And we have the right to independent thought. — ye (@kanyewest) April 25, 2018

Thank you Kanye, very cool! https://t.co/vRIC87M21X — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 25, 2018

Kanye's wife Kim Kardashian defended her husband by tweeting: "To the media trying to demonise my husband let me just say this... your commentary on Kanye being erratic & his tweets being disturbing is actually scary.

"So quick to label him as having mental health issues for just being himself when he has always been expressive is not fair."

I love when people have their own ideas. You don't have to be allowed anymore. Just be.



Love who you want to love. That's free thought. I'm not even political. I'm not a democrat or a republican — ye (@kanyewest) April 25, 2018

my wife just called me and she wanted me to make this clear to everyone. I don't agree with everything Trump does. I don't agree 100% with anyone but myself. — ye (@kanyewest) April 25, 2018

The rapper also took potshots at Obama during the tweeting flurry, stating that nothing changed in Chicago during his presidency.

Combating backlash from anti-Trump protesters he also shared a picture of a post by Chance The Rapper which read: "Black people don't have to be Democrats."

Obama was in office for eight years and nothing in Chicago changed. — ye (@kanyewest) April 25, 2018

Kanye continued that he loved free thinkers and showed alt-right supporter Peter Thiel.

The dad-of-three tweeted: "I'm so happy to hear that Peter Thiel would like to take a meeting. I feel very optimistic about the future."

Thiel is a controversial figure in American politics as he backs the alt-right and funded the Hulk Hogan case against Gawker Media for publishing a video of Hogan having sex.

The case saw an injunction placed on the footage being published and saw the media firm go bankrupt before being sold to another company.

Kanye West tells crowd he would have voted for Donald Trump in US election

A fan noticed Kanye's following seemed to have fallen after the series of Trump-loving tweets and wrote: "Kanye losing 9 million followers because of the Trump tweet."

But Twitter confirmed to The Verge: "We can confirm that Kanye’s follower count is currently at approximately 27M followers.

"Any fluctuation that people might be seeing is an inconsistency and should be resolved soon."

most read in news DEATH SMASH Two dead & 3 seriously hurt after horror late-night crash between car and Jeep YOU'RE FIRED CORBYN Lord Sugar urges Labour backers to vote Tory to escape Brexit quagmire MURDER PROBE Man held for murder of boy, 12, after school hit-and-run found asleep in car BATTERED Tourist left in pool of blood after slamming ‘underage’ women at Thai strip bar XMAS agony My DPD driver husband died from 6 day weeks delivering 100 Xmas parcels a day Live Blog CRUNCH TIME Latest poll shows Boris Johnson's lead narrowing with three days to go

The College Dropout MC has never hidden his admiration for Donald Trump, turning up at Trump Tower the day after the 2016 election and posing for pictures in the lobby.

Kanye has even hinted he could run for President in 2024, saying: "Keep America Great #Kanye2024".

He even once joked: "When we become president we have to change the name of the plane from Air Force one to Yeezy force one".

Kim Kardashian has an awkward kiss with husband Kanye West at sister Kourtney's boozy birthday bash

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.

We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

