hollywoodlife.com/2016/09/20/angelina-jolie-brad-pitt-legal-documents-divorce-split-papers/

Taylor Weatherby

Angelina Jolie & Brad Pitt Divorce Papers: First Look At Legal Documents

Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from Brad Pitt on Sept. 19 and HollywoodLife.com has obtained the actual divorce documents. Here, take a look at the papers in which she shockingly asks for no spousal or child support.

Just hours after it was revealed that Angelina, 41, filed for divorce from Brad, 52, on Sept. 20, HollywoodLife.com obtained the divorce papers that laid out exactly what Angie is asking for as she’s ending her marriage of just over two years.

Angelina cites “irreconcilable differences” in the 11-page divorce papers. But, she makes no demands for child support for their six children, nor any support for herself. She is, however, asking for full physical custody of the couple’s children, Shiloh, Knox, Vivienne, Zahara, Maddox, and Pax, and joint legal custody.

She’s also released a statement through her lawyer giving her reason for ending the marriage. “Angelina has filed for dissolution of the marriage,” Robert Offer, Angelina’s entertainment attorney, said in a statement on Sept. 20, per Harper’s Bazaar. “This decision was made for the health of the family. She will not be commenting, and asks that the family be given its privacy at this time.”

Although “irreconcilable differences” is the reason cited in the papers, sources also said that Brad has a weed addiction as well as a possible alcohol issues. On top of that, he has an “anger problem” — all of which serve as a major threat to their young children. It was also reported that Angelina was frustrated with Brad’s “methods” of parenting.

Brad and Angelina have been together since 2004 and married since 2014, so there’s certainly a lot that will need to be worked out in their split. Whether Angelina will be granted everything she is requesting is yet to be determined, but we’ll surely be keeping tabs on this shocking breakup!

HollywoodLifers, what do you think about Brangelina’s reasons for divorcing? Do you find it shocking that she doesn’t want any spousal or child support? Tell us below!

