www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/angelina-jolie-smiles-children-support-11153817

Emmeline Saunders, Image, Getty Images North America, Wenn.Com, Wireimage, Getty Images, Rex Shutterstock

Skinny Angelina Jolie reveals painfully thin arms on red carpet

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Angelina Jolie revealed her painfully thin arms at the red carpet premiere of her latest film First They Killed My Father - sparking concern she's still struggling with health issues.

The 42-year-old actress, who was hospitalised as a result of her anorexia as a teen, has had a tough few months since splitting from Brad Pitt.

She's previously spoken about how her weight is affected by stress, having lost a worrying amount back in 2007 after her mother died.

At the time, she put it down to depression and grief.

(Image: Getty Images North America) (Image: WENN.com) (Image: WENN.com)

Angelina was surrounded by her six children and co-stars as she walked the red carpet for the premiere of her new Netflix film First They Killed My Father - but there was no sign of estranged husband Brad.

The movie - co-written and directed by Angelina - tells the story of a survivor of the Khmer Rouge regime in the 1970s, when two million Cambodians were killed through forced labour, starvation and executions.

It has a personal connection to Angelina as Cambodia is where she adopted eldest son Maddox, 16, after visiting the country as a UN Goodwill Ambassador in 2001.

(Image: WireImage)

But while the rest of her brood came to support her, Brad steered clear of the premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on Monday 11 September.

Maddox was joined by Pax, 13; Zahara, 12; Shiloh, 11, and Brangelina's nine-year-old biological twins Vivienne and Knox on the red carpet, and the kids all stood by their mum and beamed for the cameras.

But, perhaps unsurprisingly, Brad didn't appear alongside his family following conflicting reports the couple were thinking of getting back together after Angelina filed for divorce last year.

Brangelina's biographer Ian Halperin said last week that the pair were going through "spiritual counselling" in a bid to "consciously recouple".

(Image: Getty Images)

"Brad took the first step forward, then they collapsed into each other's arms. There were a lot of tears, nothing was left on the table," he said.

"They had it out, right there. In that moment they decided to make a fresh start - it was a 'come to Jesus meeting' that marked the beginning of a new phase in their relationship."

But a family friend exclusively told Mirror Online that the reports were rubbish.

"They are both focused on putting their children's priorities first and are getting along, but this story is clearly an outsider trying to create a storyline that doesn't exist," said the insider.

(Image: REX/Shutterstock)

Angelina recently spoke for the first time of the emotional toll of her split with Brad.

The star, 42, said the break-up last year was made worse by health problems – including a double mastectomy and Bell's Palsy.

She said: "Sometimes it appears I'm pulling it all together but really I'm just trying to get through my days. Emotionally it’s been a very difficult year.

"I don't enjoy being single. It's not something I wanted. There's nothing nice about it. It's just hard."

