www.j-14.com/posts/liam-payne-cheryl-cole-baby-name-128677

Alex Riccardi

Liam Payne And Cheryl Cole Reportedly Fighting Over Baby Names

Things are changing quickly in Liam Payne and Cheryl Cole's life. They just welcomed their little bundle of joy into the world last week and have shared the amazing news with the world. Both Cheryl and Liam couldn't stop gushing about this new little human in their lives and they are super proud to call themselves parents. However, the former X-Factor judge did reveal that their son doesn't have a moniker yet.

Some reports are stating that Liam and Cheryl could be disagreeing on a name which is why one hasn't been picked out yet. Of course, this is all speculation and no one really knows why the baby doesn't have a name yet except the close family.

But, we did some digging and actually found old interviews where Liam and Cheryl talk about what they would name their future child. These interviews were done separately and before they even started dating. But, they each had completely different ideas when it came to the name.

Could this be a clue as to what's going on with the naming today? While there's no clear answer, it's interesting to think about.

Cheryl told GQ magazine, "I love kids, I'm obsessed with babies. I know that's what I was put on the earth to do – to be a mother…Of course I've thought about baby names a million times. I like Alfie for a little boy."

However, Liam told Hits Radio, "I like the name Taylor. Taylor's pretty neutral for a boy or a girl. That's what I'm going to call my first child if I had children."

Hmmm…there's no telling when or if they will reveal the baby name when they have decided but we have a feeling they will come to an agreement. And we're so excited when they do. However, multiple outlets are reporting that this photo could be the last fans see of the child. Apparently, Liam and Cheryl turned down lots of offers to publicly debut their baby and have vowed to keep his privacy and protect him from the public eye.

While this seems like something they would do, we're hoping they share bits and pieces of the baby. To be honest, we can't go through life wondering if he looks more like Liam or more like Cheryl! One thing is for sure, he's healthy and that's all that really matters. Here's to hoping picking out a name isn't actually putting stress on Cheryl and Liam's relationship.

Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.

