www.iol.co.za/entertainment/celebrity-news/oprahs-dad-to-pen-tell-all-book-948809



Oprah's dad to pen tell-all book

Oprah's dad to pen tell-all book









Oprah Winfrey's father is writing a book about her. The US chat show host was left gobsmacked after discovering her dad, Vernon, is to pen a tell-all book about her life - without telling her first. Oprah told the New York Daily News newspaper: "It made me laugh recently when one of my assistants said, 'The Daily News is calling. They say they heard your father is writing a book about you.' "I said, 'That's impossible. I can assure them it's not true.' But then my sister said, 'I think you should call your father.' "I called him and it turned out he is writing a book. The worst part of it was him saying, 'I meant to tell you I've been working on it.' "

Oprah confessed she was "upset" and "stunned" by 74-year-old Vernon's revelation.

She said: "The last person in the world who should be doing a book about me is Vernon Winfrey."

The Emmy award-winning TV star was 14 and pregnant when she left her mother's home to live with Vernon in Nashville.

Her baby tragically died just weeks old, and Oprah has credited her father with inspiring her to continue with her education.

Vernon, who plans to call his book Things Unspoken, has said Oprah was "out of hand and an unruly child".

Oprah said it would have been a "nice gesture" if her dad had told her in advance about the publishing deal, because they "have a good relationship".

Vernon's project is the third book about her Oprah, 53, has been threatened with recently.

Earlier this month, an Illinois court dismissed extortion charges after Keifer Bonvillain requested $1,5-million (about R10-million) from Oprah claiming he had "embarrassing information" destined for a book.

And Kitty Kelley is also working on a biography about the star.

Oprah said: "I'm not cooperating with it, but if she wants to write a book, fine. This is America. I'm not discouraging it or encouraging it." - Bang Showbiz

