nypost.com/2015/10/09/why-selena-gomez-fired-her-mom-and-took-off-her-clothes/

Hardeep Phull, October

Why Selena Gomez fired her mom and took off her clothes

First, ex-Mouseketeer Britney Spears posed in short shorts and a black bra on a Rolling Stone cover in 1999. Then, a scantily clad onetime Hannah Montana, Miley Cyrus, twerked up a storm at the MTV VMAs two years ago. Now, it’s former Disney star Selena Gomez, 23, who’s shed most of her clothing as part of an attempt to establish herself as a grown-up artist.

All eyes are on her new album, “Revival” (her first for Interscope), out Friday — or, more accurately, all eyes are on her album cover. It’s got Gomez practically in her birthday suit, topless and wearing only barely there shorts.

Like Disney alumni who have gone before, she’s looking to shake things up with a new look and sound that are a world away from her previous, wholesome persona. The lyrics from the opening title track explain it plainly, as Gomez sings, “No more hiding . . . it’s my time to butterfly.”

It hasn’t been the easiest journey from child star known for kid shows such as “Barney & Friends” and “Wizards of Waverly Place” to full-blown adult celebrity. After canceling an Australian tour to support her debut solo album, “Stars Dance,” at the end of 2013, Gomez voluntarily entered Dawn at the Meadows recovery and rehab center in Arizona at the start of 2014. Rumors of substance abuse and addiction swirled — maybe brought on by her consorting with Justin Bieber (another onetime child star with his own set of troubles). But Gomez set the record straight this week, telling Billboard it was actually so she could get chemotherapy for lupus.

She returned later in the year with the single “The Heart Wants What It Wants,” an obvious referral to her on-off relationship with Bieber, and her final release for Disney’s Hollywood Records.

But Gomez turned over a new leaf this summer with the sultry, R&B-flavored single “Good for You,” featuring A$AP Rocky.

“We definitely felt that the sexier sound of that song was a good progression for Selena,” says Sharon Dastur, senior vice president of programming integration at iHeartMedia. “As you grow up, you want to try different things. It’s not just a thing for ex-Disney artists — all young people feel that way.”

Another sign of a maturing Gomez: She fired her mother, Mandy Teefey, and stepfather, Brian, as her managers. That, notes veteran Nashville-based entertainment lawyer Stephen Weaver, is a positive career move.

Manager-parents can cause problems for record labels. Weaver recalls pitching an artist with a father-manager to a powerful producer. “[He’d] had so many bad experiences with parents as managers that he refused to listen to it. He was afraid he would like it!”

Although Gomez is following a tradition of other young stars transitioning to adulthood, her “Revival” cover photo is about more than hitting the world over the head with sexuality. Gomez recently explained that it was a kiss-off to the body-shamers who have savaged her bikini body in the past online. “I did start gaining weight, and I didn’t mind it,” she told the Los Angeles radio station Power 106 last month. “[The comments were] really hurtful . . . but I’m not gonna give a f – – k what people say. I’m not gonna let them get to me.”

