https://web.archive.org/web/20180216005810/http://www.msn.com/en-us/movies/celebrity/george-clooney-amal-clooney-not-headed-for-split-despite-report/ar-BBJ9aoh



George Clooney, Amal Clooney NOT Headed For Split, Despite Report

George Clooney and Amal Clooney are not headed for a split, despite a bogus tabloid report alleging that distance is taking a toll on the couple’s marriage. Gossip Cop can exclusively debunk the supposed marital drama. We’re told there’s no truth to it.

Earlier this week, George and Amal celebrated her 40th birthday with a 24-hour getaway to Big Sur, California, but according to OK!, the spouses bickered throughout the entire trip. A so-called “source” tells the magazine, “They had an explosive fight just before they left, and they may have even cut the trip short because of it.”

© Gossip Cop (Getty Images)

The outlet’s questionable insider claims the couple’s relationship has been negatively impacted by time apart and busy work schedules, further contending that the actor has been “holed up” at their house in England working on his upcoming Hulu series, “Catch-22.” “George has felt a tremendous amount of pressure with his new project,” adds the suspicious source. “Amal started resenting his mood swings. She doesn’t see work stress as an excuse to act out.”

The seemingly phony tipster goes on to say that George is also having trouble adjusting to fatherhood and caring for twin babies, and he’s frustrated with “seeing how well [Amal] balances work and home life.” The “insider” adds, “George doesn’t want this to end in divorce. He and Amal are both hoping they can get back on solid ground.”

But Gossip Cop checked in with a source close to the Clooneys, who exclusively assures us there’s no truth to the tabloid’s account of the couple’s marriage, which we’re told is going strong. The actor and human rights lawyer never fought during her birthday trip either. Also, George gushed about his wife during a recent interview on David Letterman’s new Netflix show, “My Next Guest Needs No Introduction.” Regardless, Gossip Cop can confirm that OK!’s article is entirely fabricated.

It’s worth noting, Gossip Cop frequently calls out the publication for pretending to have insight into George and Amal’s marriage. In December, we busted the magazine for wrongly reporting that the spouses were expecting another set of twins just six months after the birth of their baby boy and girl. Naturally, this latest article alleging the Clooneys are having marriage problems fails to mention what happened to the new twins. Simply put, it’s all fiction.

Related slideshow: Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert are feuding and more tabloid tales: Debunking the week's tabloid stories: Feb. 2, 2018

