www.thehollywoodgossip.com/2016/10/brad-pitt-and-marion-cotillard-spotted-nearly-kissing/

Hilton Hater

Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard: Spotted Nearly Kissing!!!!!!

Brad Pitt has been caught nearly kissing Marion Cotillard.

What sort of wrench will this throw into Pitt's divorce proceedings with Angelina Jolie?

Will she use the image below against her estranged husband in her plans to secure full legal custody of the stars' six children?

What impact will this development have on Pitt's global popularity?

The answers, in order, are:

No wrench. No way for Jolie to use this photo against Pitt. And no impact at all on Pitt's standing with millions of fans around the globe.

How come? Because the image in question is a movie poster!

HA! Got ya!

Sorry, but we had to.

The first promotional poster for Pitt and Cotillard’s upcoming World War II romantic drama, Allied, has hit the Internet.

And it's only worth noting because a rumor circulated soon after Jolie filed to divorce Pitt that he actually carried on an affair with Cotillard.

This chatter was based on nothing but the fact that Pitt and Cotillard are starring together as husband and wife in this film and were probably caught looking cozy on set together.

For the camera, that is, and nothing more.

Of course, it is widely believed that Pitt got together with Jolie on the set of Mr. and Mrs. Smith way back in the day, ending his marriage to Jennifer Aniston as a result of this new relationship.

So we do understand where people got the idea that Pitt might bond with a female co-star.

But Cotillard did a masterful job of shooting down any affair allegations before they built up too much momentum.

In a very straightforward Instagram post, the French actress responded to these silly rumors as follows last month:

This is going to be my first and only reaction to the whirlwind news that broke 24 hours ago and that I was swept up into.

I am not used to commenting on things like this nor taking them seriously but as this situation is spiraling and affecting people I love, I have to speak up.

Firstly, many years ago, I met the man of my life, father of our son and of the baby we are expecting. He is my love, my best friend, the only one that I need.

Secondly to those who have indicated that I am devastated, I am very well thank you. This crafted conversation isn't distressing. And to all the media and the haters who are quick to pass judgment, I sincerely wish you a swift recovery.

Finally, I do very much wish that Angelina and Brad, both whom I deeply respect, will find peace in this very tumultuous moment. With all my love Marion.

There you have it, right? Case very much closed.

Allies opens in theaters on November 23.

It will be interesting to see if Pitt's divorce helps the movie do well... or prompts the movie to tank at the box office.

As for the latest regarding the Divorce Heard 'Round the World, a recent report suggests that Jolie is having second thoughts about her legal split.

"Angelina didn't realize how much she would miss him but now that Brad is out of her daily life, she misses his sense of humor and seeing him everyday," an anonymous insider tells Hollywood Life.

Believe this at your own discretion, however.

We're pretty sure the marriage is doomed.

