y1025.iheart.com/content/2017-08-01-kim-kardashian-sued-for-allegedly-stealing-lighting-technique-for-selfies/

Michael Lewittes

Kim Kardashian Sued For Allegedly Stealing Lighting Technique For Selfies

Joining SnapLight in its suit is Hooshmand Harooni, who maintains he patented the technology in 2013. In the court papers, Harooni describes the product as an “integrated lighting accessory and case for a mobile phone device.” Harooni and SnapLight claim Kardashian’s company Kimsaprincess, Inc. is also liable because she gets a cut of the profits from LuMee, who they allege stole their technology.

Kim Kardashian is being sued by a company that offers illuminated cellphone cases to help take well-lit selfies, like the ones the reality star often flaunts on social media. Also named in the $100 million lawsuit filed on Monday is LuMee Technology, the makers of the smartphone cases that Kardashian uses and often promotes. Kardashian is mostly included in the suit for promoting and profiting from the sales of LuMee.

Kardashian promotes LuMee a lot. In February, for example, she tweeted a photo of herself holding a mobile device, with the caption, “Lumee Duo! It launched in Apple stores & has lights on front & the back so u can take insane pics! It’s a softer case now too #LumeeCollab.” The following month, she tweeted another shot of herself on her phone and exclaimed, “This is happening! The Lumee Black Duo is now in Apple Globally -Loving the back light! #lumeecollab.”

She similarly noted on Twitter in April, while taking a selfie, “White Lumee Duo In Apple stores worldwide #LumeeCollab.” And the Instagram photo above was her promoting an earlier version of LuMee in July 2016, with a link to Amazon and a caption that read, “Hey Guys! LuMee cases are featured today as Amazon’s Prime Deal of the Day. Best deal ever! #PrimeDay #LuMee.”

After meeting and taking a selfie with then-presidential candidate Hillary Clinton at a fundraiser, Kardashian used the encounter to later promote LuMee. In fact, when Clinton was asked in January 2016 on the “Ellen Degeneres Show” about taking a selfie with Kardashian, the Democratic presidential nominee recalled, “She takes out her phone and she presses a button. I’ve never seen this anywhere else… it has lights all the way around it. Like little tiny, tiny light bulbs.”

DeGeneres acknowledged, “I saw [Kardashian’s] phone… It makes you look better,” to which Clinton added, “I have been desperately looking for one of those ever since with no luck!” And right after that, Kardashian tweeted, “Selfies about to be LIT!!! The secret to my selfies http://Lumee.com.” Gossip Cop has reached to SnapLight, LuMee, and Harooni for comment. A rep for Kardashian tells us, “The patent lawsuit filed by SnapLight has no merit and is just another attempted shakedown. Kim has done absolutely nothing wrong.”

Photo: AOL

