www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/kim-kardashian-not-date-calum-9637738

Lara Martin, Image, Copyright Unknown, Splash News, Channel, Lia Toby Wenn.Com

Kim Kardashian did NOT date Calum Best

Get the biggest daily Celebrity Big Brother stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Kim Kardashian ’s rep has shot down those rumours the reality star once enjoyed a secret fling with Calum Best .

A spokesperson for Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Kim, 36, said the pair had crossed paths at school as children but that’s as far as any connection went.

“The story is false. They never dated however, he was in her 5th grade class,” said the rep.

(Image: Splash News)

(Image: Channel 5)

Calum’s official Twitter account had earlier retweeted the story about a rumoured hook up with the cheeky message: “Calum and Kim… Sitting in a tree.”

The rumour about Kim and Calum - currently in the Celebrity Big Brother house - surfaced overnight.

According to the claims, Kim had been introduced to Calum via stepbrother Brody Jenner way before she even met first husband, Damon Thomas.

(Image: Splash News)

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

A source had told The Sun : “Kim and Calum dated when they were a lot younger – they weren’t in the public eye back then.

“Calum was close pals with Brody and is still friends with him and Scott Disick today."

The insider went on to claim that the pair remained on good terms since their romance ended all those years ago.

(Image: Splash News)

“Kim is obviously married now but Calum still keeps in touch with the family when he’s in the states," added the insider.

The alleged fling was said to have happened before she met her ex-husband Damon, which was around seven years before she shot to fame after her sex tape with another ex, Ray J , was leaked online.

(Image: Lia Toby/WENN.com)

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

In a twist, Ray J was in the CBB with Calum before leaving last week.

It comes as Kim made her first public appearance since she was the victim of a shocking robbery last year .

According to a report from RadarOnline , the reality TV personality upped her entourage by 200 per cent in a bid to feel secure at the sold-out event.

A source said: “Kim feels safe, but that is because she has triple the security that she used to have. Even with this, she still gets nervous in public.”

