uk.businessinsider.com/jennifer-lopez-alex-rodriguez-daughter-dance-dinero-2018-6

Sarah Schmalbruch

This video of Jennifer Lopez teaching Alex Rodriguez's daughter the 'Dinero' choreography proves that she'd be the best step mom ever

Alex Rodriguez recently posted an Instagram video showing Jennifer Lopez dancing with his daughter Natasha.

They're dancing to Lopez's new single "Dinero."

JLo and A-Rod both have two kids from previous marriages, and it seems like they get along well as an extended family.



There are a million reasons to envy Jennifer Lopez: her killer body, her business acumen, her impeccable style — the list goes on.

And now, thanks to a recent video on her current beau Alex Rodriguez's Instagram account, you can add the fact that she's great with kids.

The video shows JLo dancing to her new single "Dinero" with A-Rod's 13-year-old daughter Natasha. It looks like the two are having a great time. Natasha nails the choreography, which probably means that she learned it from JLo herself.

#dinero #tashi @jlo A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Jun 22, 2018 at 11:34pm PDT Jun 22, 2018 at 11:34pm PDT

The video was taken on a boat on what looks like a vacation in Idaho, judging from Rodriguez's next two posts, which show the whole clan (her kids and his kids) together.

Posse out — so long, Idaho. A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Jun 23, 2018 at 5:56pm PDT Jun 23, 2018 at 5:56pm PDT

This isn't the first time Lopez and Rodriguez have enjoyed some quality time with each other's kids. Both have two children from previous marriages, and they both seem like they've very close with their kids. Lopez has 10-year-old twins Max and Emme with ex-husband Marc Anthony, and Rodriguez has 10-year-old Ella and 13-year-old Natasha with ex-wife Cynthia Rodriguez.

Perfect day in #Miami with #OurGreatestGifts #Tashi #Ella #Max #Emme #Family #Blessed @jlo (📷: Ana Carballosa/ @lacarba) A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Mar 15, 2018 at 9:33am PDT Mar 15, 2018 at 9:33am PDT

Although JLo says she's not rushing into marriage with A-Rod — they've been together for around a year and a half — one of her new songs, "El Anillo," dropped a hint that she just might be ready to take the next step.

Regardless of whether "J-Rod" make it official, there's no debating that Lopez would be a great step mom.

Sign up here to get INSIDER's favorite stories straight to your inbox.

