radaronline.com/exclusives/2018/07/jamie-foxx-wild-weekend-miami-without-katie-holmes/

Radar Staff, July

Jamie Foxx Enjoys Wild Weekend Without Katie Holmes

The End? ‘Party Boy’ Jamie Foxx Blows It With Katie Holmes! Actor spent a wild weekend flirting with bikini-clad women in Miami.

Jamie Foxx’s recent wild weekend of flirting with bikini-clad babes may cost him any chance to kiss and make up with a furious Katie Holmes!

RadarOnline.com has learned Holmes was fuming over her on-off lover’s recent blatant womanizing in Miami while she was in Paris with her daughter Suri.

“Jamie’s going to have a lot of groveling to do if he wants to get back together with Katie,” claimed a friend. “Katie was warming to the idea of seeing Jamie again, but then he humiliated her with his shameless flirting.”

“Jamie’s been caught with his hand in the cookie jar once again,” continued the pal. “There’s only so much a gal like Katie can take.”

The Batman Begins beauty appeared to be the last thing on Foxx’s mind as he dirty danced with a group of scantily clad hotties at DJ Irie’s 14th annual weekend bash at the ritzy Fontainebleau Hotel on June 30.

At one point, a woman in a low-cut swimsuit twerked up close to the 50-year-old star. Later he edged close to a sexy honey in a tiny top and shorts.

“When Katie’s out of sight, the party boy comes out to play,” said a source. “Jamie looked bloated like he’d been partying a long time, and he later took two women back to a more private pool and continued flirting.”

Although Holmes’ rep has denied the couple split, the actress, 39, appeared downcast after landing in Paris for Fashion Week, hiding her eyes behind oversized shades.

Friends revealed the couple had been having problems ever since their romance was publicly revealed last September. The two had been quietly dating for more than four years but kept their romance out of the spotlight.

“Jamie’s constant flirting with other women has been a source of frustration and anxiety for Katie,” said the pal. “They’ve fought about it with Katie threatening to walk, but she’s always come back. Now she’s toughened up and determined not to be made a fool of by Jamie’s wild ways.”

“Katie wants a lasting, loving relationship and she’d like to get married again someday,” added the friend. “She wants to have another child before it’s too late. She was also hoping Jamie would be a stepdad for Suri.”

As Radar previously reported, shameless cad Foxx brazenly stepped out with baby mama Kristin Grannis recently.

PHOTOS: Jamie Foxx Parties With Bikini Babes As Katie Holmes Is Spotted Alone In Paris



“Katie’s given Jamie lots of room to do what he wanted — provided he stayed faithful to her — but she’s realized it may not be enough,” said the source.

“Friends are saying the only way this relationship is going to work is if she turns a blind eye to his womanizing, which she’s not going to do.”

“It’s clear they love each other but others suspect Jamie is just too set in his ways to be a one-woman man,” added the source. “If Katie decides to stick it out, she has her work cut out for her!”

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.

