hollywoodlife.com/2017/11/17/beyonce-kim-kardashian-meet-up-serena-williams-wedding-jay-z-kanye-feud/

Courteney Larocca, Weekend Editor

Beyonce & Kim Kardashian Had An ‘Icy’ Exchange At Serena Williams’ Wedding

Kim Kardashian and Beyonce came face-to-face for the first time since their husbands Kanye West and JAY-Z began feuding. Here’s what went down between them at Serena Williams’ wedding.

Celebrity feuds have a way of bringing us all together (while tearing famous relationships apart). Whether you’re Team Kimye or not, we can all agree that we’ll be here for whatever drama these stars find themselves in. And hoo boy, do we have some drama to discuss today! As we know, Kanye has beef with JAY-Z, 47, and by association, Beyonce, 36. As we also know, Kim Kardashian, 37, will always stand by her 40-year-old husband and it just so happens that Kim and Beyonce ran into each other for the first time since their husbands started fighting. Kim and Bey came face-to-face at Serena Williams‘ wedding and it was just as awkward as you expected it to be.

“Beyonce seemed to avoid Kim at Serena’s wedding however they did have an uncomfortable exchange while at the glitzy party,” an eyewitness at the wedding tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “It was very awkward because they have all these good friends in common like LaLa and Ciara who are tight with Beyonce who were also at the wedding. Serena did not seat Kim and Beyonce next to one another so it took a while for the pair to bump into each other. The incident took place near one of the open bars inside the event and both Kim and Beyonce were totally light, polite and cordial. They said hello and asked how each other was doing but not much else. They were smiling but the exchange def looked a bit cold and icy. It was clear that whatever issues they have between them, they were not going to get into it at the wedding. They pretty much avoided each other the rest of the night.”

Bey and Kim were standing at the VIP bar together at Serena’s wedding to Alexis Ohanian on Nov. 16, onlookers told E! News. They ordered glasses of champagne before celebrating their friend’s big day. Kim wore a long, black dress that made her look exactly like an hourglass. Bey rocked a long-sleeved green gown for the formal occasion. Luckily, they appeared to put aside whatever issues they may have with one another to honor the tennis all-star’s special day. Neither of their husbands were in attendance — and that’s probably for the best.

The JAY-Z and Kanye fallout started an entire year ago when the “Famous” rapper stopped a show in Sacramento, CA to go on a rant about his supposed friends. A video of him rambling was posted to Twitter, where you could clearly hear him saying, “Beyoncé, I was hurt ’cause I heard that you said you wouldn’t perform unless you won Video of the Year over me and over ‘Hotline Bling,'” before adding, “In my opinion – now don’t go trying to diss Beyonce – she is great. Taylor Swift is great.” See, I told you Taylor would come up. Calling Beyonce “great” in the same way that he called Taylor Swift, his Public Enemy #1, “great” was clearly meant as a diss toward the Lemonade star.

He then went on to publicly tell Jay-Z to give him a call and talk to him, “like a man.” JAY-Z later responded to the fallout on TIDAL’s Rap Radar podcast, where he spoke openly about how Kanye’s actions hurt him. So basically, Kim and Kanye are no longer tight with Jay-Z and Beyonce. And suddenly that Taylor Swift lyric, “But I’m not the only friend you’ve lost lately. If only you weren’t so shady,” from her notorious new Kanye diss track “This Is Why We Can’t Have Nice Things, has started to make a bit more sense, huh?

HollywoodLifers, what do you think about Kim and Beyonce’s run in?

