www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5322271/Jay-Z-talks-fighting-love-Beyonce.html

Christine Rendon For Dailymail.Com

Jay-Z talks fighting for love with Beyonce

Jay-Z has opened up about fighting for his marriage to his 'soul mate' Beyonce.

The rapper, 48, who previously confessed to cheating on his wife, was asked about their relationship during an appearance on The Van Jones Show on CNN.

Asked about fighting for their relationship, he told the reporter: 'That's my soul mate. It's the person I love. You can be in love with someone, you can love someone, and if you haven't experienced love or don't understand it or you don't have the tools to move forward then you are going to have complications. Period.'

'We chose to fight for our love': Jay-Z has opened up about fighting for his marriage to his 'soul mate' Beyonce (pictured with daughter Blue Ivy in February 2017)

'You can either address or you can pretend until it blows up at some point. For us, we chose to fight for our love, for our family, to give our kids a different outcome, to break that cycle for black men and women, to see a different outcome.'

'We were never a celebrity couple,' he insisted. 'We were a couple who just happened to be celebrities.'

He added the best way to apologize was through 'changed behavior.'

'You have to acknowledge the pain. You have to let that person have their say. You have to get on the floor, get on the mattress, and you have to really work through it and really be honest no matter how many times.

'We were never a celebrity couple': Jay-Z insisted they were just 'a couple who happened to be celebrities'

'You have to let that person have their say': He added the best way to apologize was through 'changed behavior'

'It takes a while. It's hard. It's difficult to hear, it's difficult to say, it's difficult to listen to that pain. You have to be strong enough to go through that - and on the other side it's beautiful.'

Jay-Z and Beyonce have been married for ten years and have three children together: daughter Blue Ivy, six, and seven-month-old twins Rumi and Sir Carter.

He dropped hints he cheated on Beyonce in his album 4:44, and then confessed to infidelity in an interview with The New York Times.

Family matters: Jay-Z and Beyonce have been married for ten years and have three children together: daughter Blue Ivy, six, and seven-month-old twins Rumi and Sir Carter

The rapper said therapy stopped them from getting a divorce.

The Empire State Of Mind hit-maker explained the scars from his past led him to push away his wife and ultimately, become unfaithful.

'You have to survive,' he said. 'So you go into survival mode, and when you go into survival mode, what happens? You shut down all emotions. So, even with women, you gonna shut down emotionally, so you can't connect. ... In my case, like, it's deep. And then all the things happen from there: infidelity.'

Beyonce also sparked rumors he had cheated when she referenced it in the lyrics of her album, Lemonade.

