www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3496277/Russell-Crowe-reveals-s-lost-impressive-24-kgs-stacking-weight-movie-role-Nice-Guys.html

Karishma Sarkari For Daily Mail Australia

Russell Crowe reveals he's lost 24 kgs after gaining weight for The Nice Guys role

Russell Crowe is no stranger to putting on and losing weight for his movie roles.

So, it's no surprise the Australian actor is at it again, and has managed to shed almost 24 kilograms in just seven months after piling on the pounds for his movie, The Nice Guy, in which he starred opposite Hollywood hunk, Ryan Gosling.

Speaking to Nova FM's Fitzy & Wippa on Thursday morning, the 51-year-old admitted he tipped the scales at over 120 kilograms last August, but is already back down around the 98kg mark.

Scroll down for video

The difference seven months makes! Russell Crowe spoke of his impressive 24 kilogram weight loss in a radio interview on Thursday (Pictured left in July 2015, right in February 2016)

Flashing his new figure: The 51-year-old told of tipping the scales at 121.6 kilograms last August and he is now down to 98 kilos (Pictured in LA late last month)

Of his impressive weight loss, Russell told Ryan 'Fitzy' Fitzgerald and Michael 'Wippa' Wipfli: 'For an old boy, it's coming along'.

'I was 121.6 kilos the first week of August last year,' he said. 'I did a movie called The Nice Guys, so I wanted to be the physical juxtaposition of Ryan Gosling'.

'So I'm clawing my way back from that,' the actor added.

Russell plays a contract killer to Ryan's private investigator in the film, with the pair working together to solve the mysterious disappearance of a porn star in 1970s Los Angeles.

'I wanted to be the physical juxtaposition of Ryan': The actor said his weight gain was for his role in the upcoming movie The Nice Guys, where he plays a contract killer to Ryan Gosling's private investigator

'That kid is a comic genius': The actor gushed about working alongside Ryan Gosling and share some stories from the set of the film

Scrubbing up nicely! The Hollywood heavy-weight added to his portly figure by wearing baggy clothes on set of the film (left) but after shedding some of the weight, flashed his trim physique in suits at fashion week (right)

Russell had only nice things to say about his co-star in the upcoming crime dramedy, complementing about Ryan's comedic timing.

'I tell you mate, that kid is a comic genius,' he said, adding: 'He's great company, he's really smart, loves what he does, he asks all the right questions and working with him was such a treat.'

And it seems the boys weren't short of a laugh on set either.

Referencing a theatrical term known as 'corpsing' - when actors laugh at inappropriate moments - Russell revealed: 'The amount of times I corpsed on camera in total over all those [past] films would be less than per week working with Ryan - that kid knows how to make me laugh'.

Buff bod: Russell's best known for his buff body in Gladiator, which required him to eat six to eight protein-heavy meals a day to loose weight and bulk up

Sword training: According to Men's Fitness magazine, the Australian actor worked on his farm and did sword training to gain his muscular physique in the 2000 Oscar winning movie

The radio duo have long admired the actor's physique, from back in his Gladiator days.

So much so, they even named the radio station's running club after him - Gladiator RC, which stands for both Running Club and Russell Crowe, simultaneously.

To gain his buff body in the 2000 Oscar winning movie, Russell is understood to have been on a strict regime, including six to eight protein-heavy meals a day, to help him shift the 18 kilos he had put on for his previous role in The Insider.

For the 1999 film, Russell reportedly had to gain 50 pounds (or 23 kilos) to play tobacco executive Jeffrey Wigand.

Putting in the work: The actor appears to be working hard on his weight loss, something that appears to have begun as soon as he wrapped on filming last year

On yer bike! It seems the actor's exercise of choice this time around has been cycling, with the actor spotted riding around numerous times in Beverly Hills, California

According to Men's Fitness, the star 'weight trained, learned to use a sword, and worked on his farm in Australia', to shift the weight between the two films.

It seems this time around, the New Zealand-born actor is looking to cycling as his exercise of choice - spotted earlier this month on his bike around Beverly Hills.

Meanwhile, the 51-year-old was seen cutting a dapper figure at Milan Men's Fashion Week in January, as he suited up for the Giorgio Armani show.

However, his dramatic weight loss wasn't as obvious at the time, under his winter layers.

