hollywoodlife.com/2015/03/23/kris-jenner-rob-kardashian-message-emergency-family-meeting/

Tim Plant

Kris Jenner Orders Emergency Family Meeting Over Rob Kardashian Crisis

Kris Jenner has ordered a family gathering at her Hidden Hills home ASAP to discuss Rob’s recent outburst and mental state. The Momager has instructed all of her daughters as well as Kanye and Bruce to drop what they are doing and help her deal with this crisis.

Kris Jenner is a woman who get’s things done, which is exactly why she jumped into action as soon as she saw Rob Kardashian‘s, shocking message on Instagram comparing his sister Kim Kardashian to Rosamund Pike’s sociopathic Gone Girl character. The family matriarch has quickly circled the wagons and ordered a family meeting to strategize how to deal with Rob’s situation.

Kris Jenner On Rob Kardashian’s Message: Orders Emergency Family Meeting

Kris was certainly shocked when she saw Rob’s post with the caption, “This is my sister kim , the bitch from Gone Girl,,,” — but instead of standing around doing nothing the 59-year-old manager started working the phones.

“Kris ordered Kim, Kanye, Khloe, Bruce and everyone else to her house for an emergency family meeting to figure out how to best handle this situation,” a Kardashian family source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “That’s how Kris handles a family crisis’ with a big family meeting. She want’s everyone there to make sure they are on the same page. Part of the meeting will be to brainstorm ways to help Rob, but another part will definitely be so Kris can make sure everyone is on message.”

Rob’s recent behavior is definitely scaring the family, so they understand the urgency of Kris’ calls.

“Rob has become progressively more and more anti social. He always plays down his issues but it’s time something has to change. Rob has a dark sense of humor and tries to play off his outbursts like they are a joke, but this latest post definitely got everyone’s attention. They just can’t afford to ignore him anymore.”

Kris Jenner Furious That Rob Kardashian Bashed Kim Kardashian On Instagram

What exactly will be discussed at the family gathering we don’t know yet, but we hope that everyone has Rob’s best interest at heart. As we previously reported, Kris was initially furious about his inappropriate post.

“Instead of seeing Rob’s Instagram as a cry for help Kris is pissed that Rob is taking to social media to bash the family,” a source tells us. “She has told Rob to apologize to Kim but he has refused which is only getting Kris more heated.”

What do you think HollywoodLifers, does Rob need help?

— Tim Plant

