www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3710458/Jennifer-Garner-44-tries-hard-act-unperturbed-asked-s-pregnant-estranged-husband-Ben-Affleck.html

Heidi Parker, Lisa Mcloughlin For Mailonline

Jennifer Garner, 44, tries hard to act unperturbed when asked if she's pregnant with estranged husband Ben Affleck

Jennifer Garner seemed to have her guard down when she was chatting with pals outside Santa Monica restaurant Giorgio Baldi on Tuesday evening.

But when the 44-year-old actress was asked by a camera man if she was pregnant with estranged husband Ben Affleck's fourth child, she put up her wall.

'How 'bout that?' was all the Miracles From Heaven actress would say. She said it in a way that was half casual and playful, and half perturbed. Soon after the Hollywood vet walked to her waiting car.

Scroll down for video...

Awkward to say the least: Jennifer Garner was asked on Tuesday outside Giorgio Baldi restaurant in Santa Monica about rumours she's pregnant again to which she answered 'How 'bout that?'

This is what started it all: On Sunday the Alias vet looked like she had a bit of a bump. But Garner could have just had a big meal or a gust of wind could have gone up the dress

The camera man asked the question because on Sunday the mother-of-three looked to have a baby bump when walking in LA with a print dress.

Garner could have just had a big meal or a gust of wind could have gone up the dress.

Either way, it does not seem likely that the siren is expecting a fourth child as she appears to not have reconciled with Affleck. TMZ cautioned on Wednesday the two are not back together.

But other outlets are claiming the longtime twosome have worked things out. The cover of OK! this week is devoted to a story on how Jennifer has taken Ben back after he begged on his knees to give him another chance.

InTouch Weekly claimed 'the divorce is off' as they two plan a second honeymoon in the Turks And Caicos.

Girls night out! The 44-year-old was with a female pal before she was asked the question

The star looked fresh-faced as she left the Italian eatery with her pals in a casual chic ensemble.

Looking at ease with her pals, the brunette beauty - who is mum to Violet, 10, Seraphina, 7, and Samuel, 4 - strolled through the streets of Santa Monica in a simple navy blue v-neck jumper with eye-catching striped shirt detailing.

Flashing a hint of her bra, the Mother's Day star paired her stylish top with loose fitting jeans that hugged her ankles and flaunted her metallic silver sandals.

Beaming! The ex of Scott Foley sure let the question roll off her as she walked to a waiting SUV

Boasting a healthy glow, Jennifer kept her make-up to a minimum letting her chocolate brown peepers pop while her chestnut locks fell loose onto her shoulders.



Jennifer's night out with her girlfriends comes after she filmed her latest commercial for Capital One credit cards in Los Angeles on Tuesday.

The actress wore a crimson, sleeveless blouse as she walked around the set in Los Angeles.

The Dallas Buyers Club actress added slim black pants and stylish black heels as she ran through her lines.

Bright spot: Jennifer looked stylish in a crimson top as she filmed her new Capital One credit card ad

The Alias alum appeared to be in good spirits, laughing and joking with crew members during a quick break on set.

Jennifer, who is a longtime spokesperson for the finance company, wore her light brunette hair down in soft waves, and accessorized with a gold bangle.

She added peach blush, eyeliner and dark pink lipstick to her polished look.

Last month, Jennifer marked one year since she and estranged husband Affleck announced they were splitting up after 10 years of marriage.

It's Batman! Jennifer's estranged husband Ben Affleck waved to fans as he arrived at Comic-Con to chat about Justice League on Saturday

However, the pair have remained close, with Batman v Superman star Ben even living in the same home, in order to make the transition easier on their three children.

She also traveled with the children to London for a few weeks over the summer to spend time as a family while Ben filmed Justice League.

A source told People magazine that Ben and Jen are 'still figuring things out' and still have not filed divorce papers a year after their split.

'Ben still doesn't want the divorce and he might actually get his way,' a friend of Jennifer's said.

The actress also has a few films in the works, including the film adaptation of bestseller The Tribes of Palos Verdes, and a comedy with Kevin Spacey called Nine Lives.

Meanwhile, Ben was been busy promoting his next Batman outing Justice League at Comic-Con International in San Diego over the weekend.

