www.elle.com/uk/life-and-culture/a22428656/miley-cyrus-liam-hemsworth-break-up/

Daisy Murray

Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth Have Reportedly Broken Up Again

Today it's being reported that that on-and-off-again engaged couple Liam Hemsworth and Miley Cyrus have called it quits.



According to Ok! Australia (via the Daily Mail), the young pair have parted ways due to their inability to agree about when to start a family.

An insider apparently told the magazine that 28 year-old Hemsworth wished to have children, whilst 25 year-old Cyrus was not ready, ‘He wants kids and doesn't want to keep putting it off but it's not quite the timeline Miley had in mind.’

Getty Images

The source claimed the Hannah Montana star was hesitant to tie the knot at all, ‘Miley put off plans for the wedding and Liam was growing tired of it... They haven't been getting along in recent months.’

The insider added, ‘[She] didn't really want to get married. It's something that everyone else seemed to get but Liam. [His] family had been begging him to see the light for a long time, but he had faith in Miley. Now he feels like an idiot.’

This news comes days after the ‘Wrecking Ball’ singer deleted all posts on her Instagram.

Hemsworth, however, still has all his posts, including those which feature the singer-actress.

Instagram

The Hunger Games star met Cyrus on the set of the 2009 film The Last Song and they subsequently began dating. First engaged in 2012, the pair tragically broke it off just the following year. After an almost four year hiatus, the pair recoupled in 2016.

In September of last year, however, Cyrus told the Sun that she had no plans to marry any time soon, explaining, ‘I don't envision marriage. I'm 24. I hope I get to live a little bit more, I have too much living to do [before I get married].'

She continued, 'Three years ago, if you’d asked me if I’d be here, this happy with this man, I’d have been stunned. I’m just riding this out. In some relationships, you lose yourself by being with someone else. Actually, it made me find myself more. I have no idea what the next three years will bring, but if it’s possible to get even happier, I’ll take it.’

Getty Images

Despite these statements, rumours of a secret marriage swirled. Though, it appears they were just that, rumours.

Well this is just terrible news isn't it?

