www.nytimes.com/2016/07/04/movies/in-the-shallows-blake-lively-surfs-in-kate-hudsons-wake.html

Wesley Morris

How I Learned to Tolerate Blake Lively

I, at least, struggle to understand her career. Her performance as a junkie in “The Town” features the “Bride Wars” of Boston accents. Her performance in “The Age of Adaline” — as a woman “cursed” to stay 30 forever — was like watching a mermaid ride a bike. She tries. But her acting hasn’t yet caught up to her algorithm-generated beauty. Alas, there may be no algorithmic solution for that.

So I was less than psyched at the prospect of seeing her shiver on a buoy, stitch her own wounds, talk to animals or play a Nancy. And, as refreshing as it is watching her stand on a surfboard, it’s refreshment that provides some perspective. While some actors make sense on movie screens, there are others who might make better sense on a can of something — beer, beans, air. I can hear you, Hudson skeptics. And all I can say is that the heart wants what the heart wants. I’d actually buy whatever Ms. Hudson was on the can of.

There might be no appreciable industrial difference between what a Kate Hudson can do versus your Blake Livelys. I don’t think they’re interchangeable, but sometimes the movies beg to differ, and the market corrects itself. Don’t fall in love with Mark Harmon, because here comes Kevin Costner. And sell your Brad Rowe stock, because he’s just going to be replaced by Brad Pitt. (In the late 1990s, that pretty much happened.) But there are continuums, too. Channing Tatum, for instance, is a more elastic, hip-hop-era Brendan Fraser upgrade.

Lots of parts that have gone to Ms. Lively feel as if Ms. Hudson could have played them. But something happened, and suddenly it was someone else’s turn to be “it.” (It’s always someone else’s turn.) And part of what annoys me about the lack of Kate Hudson in my life and the surfeit of Ms. Lively is the same thing that makes me angry when a perfectly good piece of software gets a superfluous update, or a zealous waiter takes my plate at a restaurant: I wasn’t done with that.

