www.enstarz.com/articles/198685/20171123/justin-bieber-unlikes-selena-gomez-instagram-photo-did-they-split.htm



Justin Bieber 'Unlikes' Selena Gomez Instagram Photo, Did They Split?

Selena Gomez shared several images of herself as a blonde on Instagram prior to Sunday night's American Music Awards and right away, Justin Bieber "liked" the image.

Because Gomez and Bieber have been spending so much time together in recent weeks, the Instagram "like" wasn't a surprise. However, after the 23-year-old "Friends" singer chose to "unlike" the image days later, he quickly sparked rumors of possible tension, or even a split, between them.

On Nov. 21, Hollywood Life shared details of Bieber's "unlike" of Gomez's photo, revealing that the singer was caught by several fans online who questioned why he would do such a thing.

Selena Gomez Reunited With Justin Bieber Before Her Split From The Weeknd

Gomez and Bieber have been enjoying their newly reconciled relationship since the end of last month, around the time of her split from The Weeknd. As fans will recall, Bieber was caught spending time at Gomez's Los Angeles home in late October and days later, her split from The Weeknd was confirmed. Since then, they have reportedly been doing their best to keep the nature of their relationship to themselves.

Although Gomez and Bieber are trying to stay private, an insider recently said that their romance has come as a pleasant surprise to Gomez.

“Selena is blown away by Justin’s new integrity,” a source close to the couple told Hollywood Life. “Since they’ve reunited, Justin now keeps every promise he makes, and is doing everything he says he is going to do. Selena feels secure in their relationship because he is making it easy for her to trust him completely.”

“Justin has grown, matured and has really changed a lot in the last few years,” the source added. “She is falling in love all over again with a new and improved Justin who calls when he says he is going to call, texts when he says he will and is doing everything right.”

Did Selena Gomez Lip Sync At The 2017 AMAs?

In other Selena Gomez news, the 25-year-old singer recently came under fire after she seemingly lip synched her performance at the 2017 American Music Awards. Although the lip synching was never confirmed, hundreds of Twitter users shared messages about the issue online and slammed the singer for failing to sing live as other performers had done. That said, other users defended Gomez, claiming that because she had undergone a kidney transplant months prior, she shouldn't be criticised.

See Now: Famous Actors Who Turned Down Iconic Movie Roles

