okmagazine.com/videos/jamie-foxx-katie-holmes-getting-married/

May

Making It Official? Sources Say Jamie Foxx And Katie Holmes Are Getting Married!

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s wedding may not be the biggest this year after all.

In an OK! exclusive, sources reveal that Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx, who have been low-key dating for four and a half years now, are set to finally make it official and get married!

The two have kept their love secret for so long, but a recent outing in Malibu has shifted things for the former Dawson’s Creek star. “They had some struggles after they decided to go public,” explained an insider. “It changed the dynamic of their relationship and briefly shook Katie’s identity as a proud single mom who didn’t need a man.” Now, after Jamie has done everything he possibly can to show her he’s in it for the long haul, she’s finally agreed to say “I Do!” according to the insider.

So what are the details regarding their possible nuptials? “There’s talk of a small, intimate ceremony, but of course they want to make sure whatever they do goes off without a hitch,” claimed the insider. The same source also alleged that they are considering getting hitched in Paris, with her BFF Zac Posen designing her wedding dress and only 30 guests on the RSVP list.

There is one only one other major person involved in the potential wedding, and it just happens to be Katie’s daughter Suri! “Suri is Katie’s top priority, and she wouldn’t think about getting married unless she was sure it would last,” the insider said. “Jamie has become really close to Suri over the past few years, and she truly sees him as a father figure, so thankfully she was over the moon when her mom told her.” Suri’s involvement is fairly massive, as she has not only signed off on “the cake, floral décor and the dress,” according to the insider, but she’s also serving as Katie’s “maid of honor!”

A source has also revealed to OK! that her famous ex, Tom Cruise, has actually given the nuptials his seal of approval. “It’s been nearly six years since their divorce and Tom has put hard feelings behind him,” noted the insider. “He knows Jamie’s a good guy and he’s comfortable with him being around Suri.”

Though she wasn’t waiting or expecting anything from her ex, the source adds that his blessing has given her the confidence she needs to move forward. “She feels she’s finally where she’s supposed to be,” shared the source. “Katie and Jamie have been through a lot. Now they’re ready to spend their lives together.”

Watch the video above! Do you think Jamie and Katie will make it official by the end of the year? Sound off in the comments!

