www.independent.co.uk/royalwedding/meghan-markle-age-net-worth-family-mother-parents-latest-news-royal-wedding-prince-harry-a8292356.html

Chelsea Ritschel

How old is Meghan Markle, what is her net worth, and who are her parents?

Meghan Markle will soon become an official member of the royal family when she exchanges vows with Prince Harry.

Living a real-life fairytale, Ms Markle will leave her American roots and career behind and join her new husband in London.

But as the upcoming royal wedding becomes an increasingly popular topic of conversation, many are wondering who exactly will be footing the bill, how much money the actress has - and who pays for her expansive wardrobe.

Download the new Indpendent Premium app Sharing the full story, not just the headlines

As it turns out, the former actress and philanthropist is much more than just a future royal - and she has a pretty impressive net worth in her own right.

Here’s everything you need to know about Meghan Markle’s age, future royal status, net worth and family.

What is her age?

Surprisingly, Meghan Markle is actually three years older than her future prince - and her real name is Rachel Meghan Markle.

Ms Markle was born on August 4 1981 in Los Angeles, California. She is currently 36 years old.

What is her net worth?

Before finding her prince charming, Markle was successful in her own right.

Although much less than her fiancé’s, it is estimated that she has a net worth of £3.5m ($5m).

She has worked numerous jobs, including as a calligrapher before becoming a successful actress in Hollywood.

Prior to making it big, Markle had multiple small guest roles on television, including spots on General Hospital, Century City, The War at Home, and CSI: NY.

In 2011, Markle’s big acting break came when she was cast as Rachel Zane on the show Suits, which she played for seven seasons, until finishing in late 2017.

For her role on Suits, Fortune magazine estimated she was paid £35,500 ($50,000) per episode or an annual income of £319,400 ($450,000).

Markle also worked as the editor-in-chief of lifestyle website, The Tig, and created a line of women’s workwear alongside Canadian clothing company Reitmans. From these ventures and related sponsorships, Markle received an estimated annual income of £56,800 ($80,000).

And in 2010, Markle was paid £132,750 ($187,000) for her role in the film Remember Me and £121,697 ($171,429) for her role in the short film The Candidate.

As for the future royal’s clothes, she currently pays for her own wardrobe, according to People magazine.

But once she ties the knot, Markle’s clothing budget for official outings will be covered by the money Prince Charles gives to Prince William, Kate Middleton, and Prince Harry from his Duchy of Cornwall income.

Who is her family?

Although Ms Markle wasn’t raised a royal, her early life was certainly not without its perks.

Her mother, Doria Loyce Ragland, is a social worker and a yoga instructor who lives in California. And her father, Thomas Markle Sr, is an Emmy award-winning lighting director who lives in Mexico.

Markle’s parents divorced when she was six years old and although she was their only child, she has two older paternal half-siblings.

She was educated in private schools and attended Northwestern University in theatre and international studies in 2003.

Her mother is African American and her father is Caucasian, a background that Markle has embraced and discussed throughout her career.

In addition to a successful career, Markle’s father Tom, 72, once won the lottery, winning an estimated £532,222 ($750,000), according to the Daily Mail.

Both her parents are expected to attend her wedding on May 19 at St George’s Chapel, Windsor Castle.

This article has been updated. It was originally published in April 2018.

