www.indiewire.com/2018/06/donald-trump-jr-accuses-ron-perlman-harvey-weinstein-piss-handshake-1201978877/

Zack Sharf

Donald Trump Jr. Suggests Ron Perlman Knew About Harvey Weinstein’s Sexual Abuse, Calls Him a ‘Coward’ For Being Silent

Donald Trump Jr. and Ron Perlman faced off on Twitter after the "Hellboy" actor admitted to urinating on his hands before giving Harvey Weinstein a handshake at a charity event.

Donald Trump Jr. criticized Ron Perlman on social media in an accusatory tweet implying the “Hellboy” actor knew about Harvey Weinstein’s history of sexual harassment and abuse. Trump Jr. was responding to a story Perlman shared in which he remembered urinating on his hands before giving Harvey Weinstein a handshake at a charity event. Trump Jr. called Perlman a “coward” for staying silent all these years.

“So you knew he was a rapist and rather the actually do something or say anything you pissed all over your hand?” Trump Jr. asked Perlman on Twitter. “Imagine how many assaults on innocent women you could have prevented if you weren’t a coward.”

Perlman’s original tweet detailing the story of his Weinstein handshake never said he knew about the ex-studio head’s predatory behavior. The actor responded to Trump Jr. informing him he never said what Trump Jr. was accusing him of in his question. Perlman proceeded to tell Trump Jr. that the reason he urinated on his hands was because he knew Weinstien was “a prick.”

“I never said I knew Harvey was a rapist,” Perlman wrote to Trump Jr. “I never worked for Harvey…I DID know he was a prick though. A prick and a bully. And I gotta thing about that.”

Popular on IndieWire

Perlman has been one of Weinstein’s biggest critics since the first sexual harassment allegations became public last October. The actor used Twitter to celebrate the Academy’s decision to expel Weinstein from its ranks, and he tweeted “Man, if I had an Oscar for every time I almost hit Harvey Weinstein!!” after news broke James Cameron almost hit Weinstein at the Oscars on behalf of Guillermo del Toro. Perlman and del Toro are friends and collaborators, and the director has spoken about clashing with Weinstein during the making of “Mimic.”

In Perlman’s original tweet, the actor shared, “Did I ever tell [you] about when Harvey Weinstein told me to make sure I shook his hand at a charity event? I stopped in the men’s room and pissed all over my hand, then went straight up to him on the receiving line.”

You can read Perlman and Trump Jr.’s Twitter face off below.

So you knew he was a rapist and rather the actually do something or say anything you pissed all over your hand??? Imagine how many assaults on innocent women you could have prevented if you weren’t a coward. https://t.co/EvA7bou2bg — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 26, 2018

Hey young don, nice ta meetcha! And thanks for the follow! So…

I never said I knew Harve was a rapist. I never worked for Harve. I wasn’t home his type. I DID know he was a prick though. A prick and a bully. And I gotta thing about that. https://t.co/3cjmnMI5y6 — Ron Perlman (@perlmutations) June 26, 2018

Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.

