hollywoodlife.com/2012/11/17/justin-bieber-selena-gomez-dating-restaurant-fight/

Chris Rogers, Senior Editor

Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber Have Huge Fight After Dinner Date

Selena is not happy with Justin! Not only did Selena and Justin have a fight during their dinner date on Nov. 16 as confirmed by an eyewitness to HollywoodLife.com exclusively, but she allegedly denied him entrance to her home afterwards. Is this the end of Jelena?

Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez dined at Yamato Japanese restaurant in Encino, California on Nov. 16. Unfortunately, Selena and Justin got into a fight on the dinner date before they were even served appetizers!

“The ‘couple’ had an argument while inside the restaurant and Selena left less than 10 minutes into the meal. Justin quickly followed with his head bowed,” a source inside the restaurant tells TMZ.

An eyewitness at Yamato restaurant tells HollywoodLife.com exclusively, “All of a sudden someone was yelling and I was like how embarrassing to have a fight in public. Then I realized it was Selena Gomez and she was having a fight with Justin Bieber. She was so mad she was crying and just stormed out of the restaurant. Justin followed behind her and looked upset. He looked kind of shocked like ‘what just happened?’ I felt really really sorry for them.”

Justin, 18, allegedly followed Selena, 20, home, but sadly, she denied him entrance into the gate of her home and he ended up driving off.

Justin appeared to be crying outside of Selena’s gate as het got out of his car.

Justin waited outside Selena’s gate for 30 minutes before leaving. In one of the photos, Selena is seen flipping Justin the bird!

Perhaps this is why Justin tweeted this morning, Nov. 17, about how things aren’t easy right now and he’s “trying.”

UPDATE: Justin DID sleepover Selena’s on Nov. 16. See the pic here!

What do YOU think, HollywoodLifers? Is this the end of Jelena?

— Chris Rogers

Follow

@ChrisRogers86

Subscribe To Us On YouTube!



More Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez News:

