www.intouchweekly.com/posts/robert-pattinson-dating-singer-fka-twigs-dashing-dreams-of-a-robsten-reunion-42369

Chris Spargo

Robert Pattinson Dating Singer FKA Twigs, Dashing Dreams of a Robsten Reunion

Robert Pattinson is young, rich, attractive, and very, very famous, so it should come as no surprise that the British Lothario has reportedly snagged himself a pretty little lady friend of recent, singer FKA Twigs.

That is not a typo. And, no, we did not mean to write Kristen Stewart all you Twilight superfans.

Rob and his new cutie chanteuse, whose real name is Tahliah Barnett, have been quietly dating for about a month, according to a report, with Rob doing what he does best and flying under the radar with this major coupling news.

The biggest sighting of the two together was walking around NYC and even then they were sure to keep a distance from one another.

Rob is a pro.

As everyone in the whole entire world knows, Rob was previously one half of Robsten with Miss Stewart, reigning as one of, if not the, most photographed and written about celebrity couples in the world for a few years, much to their mutual and very visible displeasure. The two were the romantic leads in a giant movie franchise, traveling the world together and walking red carpets nonstop for roughly four years. They even got a dog.

Then, Kristen landed the role of Snow White in Snow White and the Huntsman, directed by Rupert Sanders – And we all know how that turned out!

Lucky for Rob, his new gal pal also seems to shun the spotlight.

“He’s been taking her on dates for the last month or so, and has even flown her out to stay with him in New York. He also loves going to her gigs,” a source told UK newspaper The Sun.

“The main thing for Tahliah is that the relationship remains low key. She wants to be known for her music, not just as ‘Robert Pattinson’s girlfriend’.

Then, for reasons unknown to us, the source adds,”[FKA’s] worried about being bogged down by constant comparisons to Kristen.”

Miss Twigs is an English singer-songwriter who loves bright colors, unique clothes, and crazy and innovative hair and makeup looks. She worked as a backup dancer for the likes of Kylie Minogue, Ed Sheeran, and Taio Cruz for years before she started seriously pursuing her singing career. She is supposedly dating Robert Pattison.

Kristen Stewart is an American who loves jeans, canvas sneakers, and a good clean fresh face. She has always been a very serious, and very good, actress, highly in demand since her breakthrough role in Panic Room alongside Jodie Foster almost 20 years ago. She is definitely not dating Robert Pattinson.

This clearly proves that even if someone wanted to make a comparison between these girls, they would be very hard-pressed to come up with something, save their fondness for Robby.

In addition, this also proves that everyone’s favorite sparkly vampire most definitely does not have a “type.”

