www.wonderwall.com/news/kim-kardashian-not-upset-about-kanye-west-cosmetics-line-despite-report-1960172.article?photoId=189340

Shari Weiss

Kim Kardashian NOT upset about Kanye West cosmetics line, despite report

Kim Kardashian is NOT upset about Kanye West working on a cosmetics line, despite a seemingly fabricated report. Gossip Cop can exclusively bust the story.

"Kim Kardashian Worried Kanye West Is Working Too Hard With New Cosmetics Line," HollywoodLife announces in a purported "exclusive." It says in the accompanying story, "Uh oh! Workaholic Kanye West has grand plans to launch a new cosmetics line, but it has wife Kim Kardashian terrified he's stretching himself too thin."

The site asserts, "Coming just a few months after his breakdown that led to an eight-day psychiatric hospitalization, his wife Kim Kardashian is scared about what taking on all this extra work could do to his mental healing." A so-called "source" is quoted as telling the webloid, "Kanye's grand plans for business have Kim worried for Kanye's health. Things have been good between Kim and Kanye lately and she admires his ambition, but his latest venture in cosmetics has Kim worried for her husband's health."

Yes, that repetitious quote sounds entirely natural. This (quite possibly fictional) "source" continues, "She does not want Kanye over-worked or stressed over business deals or involved in anything that could affect his sensitive health situation." Adds the (quite possibly invented) tipster, "Kim wants Kanye to spend more time with her and the children and less time starting new businesses."

Here's what's going on: TMZ recently reported that West wanted to trademark "Donda," his late mother's name, for a cosmetics line. Hours later, HollywoodLies magically managed to have "exclusive" information all about it, including Kardashian's supposed reaction to his plans. But Gossip Cop has repeatedly been told that the disreputable outlet doesn't have real sources when it comes to the couple.

In fact, after HollywoodLife made up stories about Kardashian's robbery, we learned that the weloid doesn't even bother to fact-check its "exclusives" with the reality star's camp, instead choosing to publish unverified "fabrication[s]." And that appears to be what's happened here. A rep for Kardashian exclusively tells Gossip Cop the allegation she's upset with West is "false."

