metro.co.uk/2017/04/16/shock-report-claims-emma-stone-and-ryan-gosling-used-body-doubles-for-la-la-lands-griffith-observatory-scene-6577935/

Amy Duncan

Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling 'used body doubles in La La Land'

Did La La Land use stunt doubles? (Picture: Black Label Media/REX)

Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling used body doubles for La La Land’s most complex dance scene, a shocking new report has claimed.

Taylor Swift and Andrew Lloyd Webber celebrate Cats Golden Globe nomination

The sensational report throws the film’s integrity into question, given that it was widely reported how the two stars of the film underwent intense dance training for their roles, of which Emma won an Oscar for.

But according to a film insider, the iconic Griffith Observatory scene, which is thought of as the film’s most intricate dance sequence in which Emma and Ryan fly through the observatory, apparently looked so good because it was crafted by professional dancers and not Emma and Ryan.

Is that Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling dancing… or body doubles? (Picture: Lionsgate)

A stunt double allegedly used in the film has told The Sun how Ryan had two doubles for his dance scenes, whilst Emma’s moves were performed for her by pro-dancer Emilie Livingston, who is the dancer wife of Jeff Goldblum.

Advertisement

Advertisement

‘Ryan had three stunt doubles — two were dancers — and Emma’s dancing was done by Emilie Livingston,’ the inside tole The Sun On Sunday.

‘The sequence where they danced in the clouds was filmed on a platform and was not Ryan and Emma.’

Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling filmed a magical scene in the Griffith Observatory for La La Land (Picture: Lionsgate)

Claiming film makers had tried silencing the dancers on the use of doubles, the source added: ‘Lots of people have been asking what really went on and we have been contacted by the studio, told off for talking and sworn to silence.

‘It’s not fair but they were insistent we shouldn’t tell anyone there were doubles for the dancing.’

Lionsgate were apparently quizzed on the use of dancing doubles in February but denied the claims, staying that, ‘both Ryan and Emma trained for three months intensively and everything you see is their work’, according to the newspaper.

However, the film production company has now released a contradictory statement which confirms the use of doubles, specifically in that iconic Griffith Observatory scene.

‘Doubles were used for some silhouette turns in the latter half of the observatory scene,’ the statement reads.

Livingston is credited on La La Land’s IMDB page, described as a ‘stunt double’ for Mia, the role Emma played.

Advertisement

Advertisement

If Lionsgate did indeed originally deny stunt doubles were used, it’s no surprise, given that February would have been in the middle of awards season.

An industry source further explained to The Sun: ‘The film’s campaign was quite heavily built around how amazing it was that Emma and Ryan had learned to sing, dance and play piano for the movie.

‘But in the observatory scene it’s obvious, if you pay attention, that the silhouettes are not them. Suddenly, their dancing turns from being nice enough, to amazingly poised.’

La La Land is out on DVD next month.

MORE: Emma Stone has responded to the teen who asked her to prom with a La La Land-inspired video

MORE: Ryan Gosling and La La Land director Damien Chazelle’s Neil Armstrong biopic has a new release date

