hollywoodlife.com/2017/10/28/khloe-kardashian-tristan-thompson-sex-life-pregnancy-lingerie/

Erin Silvia, News Writer

Khloe Kardashian & Tristan Thompson’s Sizzling Sex Life During Pregnancy: $10K On Lingerie & More

Oh la la! Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson’s sex life is super hot with new sexy lingerie during her reported pregnancy, HollywoodLife.com has EXCLUSIVELY learned. Get the steamy details here!

Khloe Kardashian, 33, and boyfriend Tristan Thompson, 26, are not letting a pregnancy stop them from having a great and hot sex life! The good looking couple are pulling out all the stops to make sure to keep things new and exciting, including some sizzling lingerie! “Khloe‘s feeling very sexy right now, she’s never had boobs this big in her life and she’s having a lot of fun with it,” a source EXCLUSIVELY told HollywoodLife.com. “She’s up to a full C cup and growing, she’s loving her pregnancy body far. She’s still working out and eating really healthy so her confidence is very high and her sex life with Tristan hasn’t slowed down at all and she’s planning to keep it that way. She just went on a crazy lingerie spree and dropped over ten thousand dollars on new stuff to wear in the bedroom and around the house while she’s pregnant. Most of what she got isn’t even maternity wear, she got a lot of see through robes and even some corsets that can expand right along with her bump. She’s keeping things very hot in the bedroom, they’re having fun.” It sounds like this couple sure knows how to have fun! See some of Khloe and Tristan’s cutest photos here!

Although they have yet to officially confirm their pregnancy, there have been reports that Khloe and her athlete beau are expecting a baby boy. The parents-to-be first caused speculation of a pregnancy back in Sept. along with Khloe’s sister, Kylie Jenner, 20, who is also reportedly expecting a baby with boyfriend Travis Scott, 25. Since the breaking news, all eyes have been on the Keeping Up with the Kardashians stars to see when and how they will reveal their happiness with the public.

In addition to her personal life, Khloe’s been keeping busy with her professional life and her Good American jeans line. Between promo events and release parties, she’s having the time of her life and we couldn’t be happier for the young starlet! We’re ready to see how she balances motherhood and work life in the near future.

HollywoodLifers, what do you think about Khloe and Tristan keeping things spicy in the bedroom? Tell us your thoughts here!

