www.intouchweekly.com/posts/sofia-richie-scott-disick-prenup-161745

Carly Sitzer

Sofia Richie and Scott Disick Prepare to Sign a $200 Million Prenup

Shortly after it was revealed Lionel Richie was doing everything he could to break up his daughter Sofia, 19, and her boyfriend Scott Disick, 35, it would appear that he has given in and accepted a relationship — but not without putting up a fight! An insider tells In Touch exclusively that the iconic singer, 68, is preparing a prenup to make sure his daughter is protected financially should the controversial duo tie the knot.

“Lionel’s preparing a $200 million prenup,” the insider tells In Touch exclusively. “He hates Scott and has tried to tell Sofia to leave him, but she won’t.” With an estimated net worth of $200 million, Lionel is seeing fit that his daughter’s beau never sees any of it, once she inherits it. “Lionel is a multimillionaire and Sofia has a huge trust fund,” another source adds. “He doesn’t want Scott getting a cent of it!”

Of course, Scott doesn’t really have any reason to be a gold digger; with 15 seasons of reality TV and countless hosting gigs under his belt, he’s earned an impressive estimated net worth of $15 million himself.

In the past, Lionel has made his feelings about Scott and Sofia’s relationship known — while trying his best not to alienate his teenage daughter. “She’s 19. When you’re 19, you know everything. Is it going to be for life? I don’t know,” he said in February. “But for right now, it’s just a phase and I’m going to stand real still in the corner, get me a good drink and not make too much noise.”

Despite Scott’s long-standing issues with monogamy — and Lionel’s objections — Scott and Sofia recently celebrated their one-year anniversary. The two were first linked to one another in May 2017 after they were spotted getting cozy aboard a yacht in Cannes during the city’s revered film festival. The two have pretty much been inseparable ever since, with Sofia even spending a signifcant amount of time with Scott’s three children, Mason, 8, Penelope, 5, and Reign, 3.

For more on this, pick up the latest issue of In Touch — and for more exclusive content sign up for our newsletter!

