www.enstarz.com/articles/202818/20180210/gwen-stefani-allegedly-suffered-a-miscarriage-with-blake-sheltons-baby.htm



Gwen Stefani Allegedly Suffered A Miscarriage With Blake Shelton's Baby

Gwen Stefani has reportedly suffered a miscarriage after conceiving her fourth child, which also would have been the first child of her boyfriend, country singer Blake Shelton.

Over two years into the musical couple's relationship, a new report claims that 48-year-old Stefani has been left heartbroken at the alleged loss, especial considering she and her boyfriend had reportedly been trying to get pregnant for over a year.

“It was very hard for her,” a source close to the singer told Radar Online on Feb. 8.

According to the report, Stefani learned that she had allegedly suffered a miscarriage during a recent visit to her obstetrician where an ultrasound technician was said to have been unable to find her baby's heartbeat. However, she has kept the rumored news on the down-low.

During the process of trying to get pregnant, Stefani resorted to in-vitro fertilization and after being forced to take a number of fertility drugs, she was reportedly left exhausted, both physically and emotionally.

“Gwen is 48 and was very insecure about not being able to give Blake a baby,” a friend claimed. “She knows that would never be a problem for his ex Miranda Lambert because she’s only 34!"

Although Stefani is said to be understandably disappointed by the news of her alleged miscarriage, she hasn't given up on getting pregnant, according to the report, and is up to take on the in-vitro fertilization process in the future.

In addition to the heartbreak they reportedly suffered to due Stefani's alleged miscarriage, Shelton has reportedly faced even more heartbreak after Stefani reportedly decided to put their wedding plans on hold.

News of Stefani's alleged miscarriage and plans to put her wedding to Shelton on hold come just months after a source told Hollywood Life that the couple, who often stars alongside one another on The Voice, was considering eloping.

“They know that is going to be a big deal when they finally get themselves married,” a source told the outlet in November. “So much so that they are considering just eloping and then having a big party to celebrate with friends and family."

The insider said that Stefani and Shelton are completely in love and will continue to be in love whether they have a big wedding or not. In addition, they have both already been married before and didn't feel that an elaborate ceremony was necessary.

See Now: Famous Actors Who Turned Down Iconic Movie Roles

