www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5946741/George-Lopez-films-urinating-President-Trumps-star-Hollywood-Walk-Fame.html

Rory Tingle For Dailymail.Com

George Lopez films himself 'urinating' on Trump's Hollywood star

This is the moment comedian George Lopez filmed himself 'urinating' on President Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood walk of fame - but the footage is not all as it seems.

The comedian was seen crouching next to the brass plaque on Hollywood Boulevard as a stream of water flowed from between his legs in the video published on Wednesday by TMZ.

However, on closer inspection Lopez - whose face was scrunched up in a mock grimace - was carrying a small bottle of water which he was using to mimic the act.

The comedian was seen crouching next to the brass plaque on Hollywood Boulevard as a stream of water flowed from between his legs in the video published on Wednesday

Lopez is well known for his jibes against the President and was last year booed off stage at a charity gala in Denver after his anti-Trump jokes fell flat with the crowd, who had paid $5,000 to $100,000 for tables.

One of the event's largest donors, Liberty Media CEO Greg Maffei, was sitting in the front row and asked Lopez to stop with the anti-Trump jokes.

'George was asked nicely to stop making Trump jokes by a man in front row [Maffei] who just donated $250K,' a commentator on YouTube who was at the event said.

Trump's Hollywood star has been the focus of several protests since he was elected President.

Lopez (left, in Hollywood on Wednesday) is well known for his jibes against the President (right, after a NATO summit in Belgium on Thursday) and was last year booed off stage at a charity gala in Denver after his anti-Trump jokes fell flat with the crowd

In 2016, Los Angeles Police arrested a man who pleaded no contest to destroying Trump's star with a sledgehammer and pickax.

James Otis later told reporters: 'Upon reflection after my arrest, I had said I was proud and felt very good about destroying Mr. Trump's star. However, now I realize I was wrong, that I shouldn't have done it.'

He was given 20 days of community labor and agreed to pay $4,400, CBS News reported.

