metro.co.uk/2018/01/15/pregnant-kylie-jenner-travis-scott-spending-much-needed-quality-time-together-birth-first-baby-7229715/

Pascale Day

Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott spending quality time together 'before birth of first baby'

Kylie and Travis are apparently spending their last baby-free days together (Picture: Rex)

Kylie Jenner is said to be spending her last few pre-baby days with boyfriend Travis Scott as he takes a break from his tour.

The 20-year-old’s alleged due date is edging ever closer, and the star is said to be using her last few days of freedom to spend time with boyfriend and supposed baby daddy Travis.

This will no doubt be of some relief to fans of the pair, who were rumoured to be splitting at the end of last year.

Speaking to Radar Online, an insider claimed Travis Scott, 25, told Kylie he ‘can’t do this anymore’.

Kylie seems to be housebound due to her alleged pregnancy (Picture: Instagram)

The source added: ‘He finally plucked up the courage to tell Kylie he’s done, that he loves her and will always be around for the baby, but they’re not compatible as a couple.’

Advertisement

Advertisement

But now another source has come forward and said that not only are they still together, but they’re enjoying some well-needed alone time together.

‘Travis has got a few weeks break from his tour right now, so she’s getting to spend some time with him which is great,’ the latest insider told Hollywood Life. ‘It’s been super tough having him away throughout the pregnancy, but she knows that’s part and parcel of dating a musician.’

Travis Scott is rumoured to be taking a break from his tour to spend time with Kylie (Picture: WireImage)

Well, we bet it’s not easy to see your boyf when you literally can’t leave the house because you’re alleged baby bump is going to get papped. Tricky!

It was thought that the Kylie had gone into labour on Saturday 13 January, sending fans wild over the idea that baby Jenner was about to enter the world.

The rumour was hinged on a screenshot of text messages from somebody claiming their ‘friend’s friend’s sister’ (another reliable source) was working at Cedar-Sinai Hospital – the hospital all the Kardashian sisters have given birth in – and saw Kylie being checked into the labour ward.

Yeah right, – as if Kylie wouldn’t book an entire floor to herself.

Kylie and Travis are on the countdown to the arrival of their alleged baby (Picture: Getty)

Then, a Snapchat from Travis Scott on a private jet with the caption ‘Make it home to ya one way or another’ had everyone believing the rapper was racing to the hospital to witness the birth of his child.

Advertisement

Advertisement

However, calm down, folks – that Snapchat was actually sent in December, and Kylie isn’t in labour.

Anyway, TMZ reported that the lip kit mogul isn’t even due this month, so the rumours that she’s pushing out the heiress to her cosmetics fortune are false.

Kylie’s sister Khloe, 33, is six months pregnant with her first child, having confirmed the happy news last month.

And Kim’s surrogate is set to give birth any day now – this will be Kim and Kanye’s third child, after North, 4, and Saint, 2.

Metro.co.uk have contacted reps for Kylie and Travis for comment.

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Sorry, guys – Kylie Jenner hasn’t gone into labour

MORE: Kendall Jenner wants to become fashion designer while sister Kylie ‘prepares for baby’

