https://web.archive.org/web/20100821215324/http://republicans.foreignaffairs.house.gov:80/press_display.asp?id=1583



U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs

Committee News

Ros-Lehtinen, King Oppose Taxpayer-Funded Trip to Middle East for ‘Ground Zero Mosque’ Imam who Blames U.S. for 9/11

(WASHINGTON) – U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Ranking Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and U.S. Rep. Peter T. King (R-NY), Ranking Republican on the House Homeland Security Committee, issued a joint statement today after the U.S. State Department confirmed that Feisal Abdul Rauf, imam of the proposed “Ground Zero Mosque” in New York City, will travel to the Middle East through a taxpayer-funded program of the International Information Programs Bureau at the State Department. Statement by Ros-Lehtinen and King:



“It is unacceptable that U.S. taxpayers are being forced to fund Feisal Abdul Rauf’s trip to the Middle East.



“Abdul Rauf has cast blame for 9/11 on the U.S., and even refuses to call Hamas what it is – a Foreign Terrorist Organization.



“This radical is a terrible choice to be one of the faces of our country overseas. The U.S. should be using public diplomacy programs to combat extremism, not endorse it.



“The State Department’s selection of Feisal Abdul Rauf to represent the American people through this program further calls into question the Administration’s policy and funding priorities.”



Background: In an interview televised just 19 days after the attacks against America on September 11, 2001, Abdul Rauf cast blame for them on the U.S. He called the attacks “a reaction against the U.S. Government politically… I wouldn’t say that the United States deserved what happened, but United States policies were an accessory to the crime that happened… We have been accessory to a lot of innocent lives dying in the world. In fact, in the most direct sense, Osama bin Laden is made in the USA.”



Note: On Monday, State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley called Abdul Rauf “a distinguished Muslim cleric” and noted that the State Department “send[s] people from Muslim communities here in this country around the world to help people overseas understand our society and the role of religion within our society.”



######

