http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9402E4D61E3FF93AA25753C1A961958260

Barry Bearak, Ian Fisher

RACE FOR CITY HALL: The Republican Candidate; A Mercurial Mayor's Confident Journey

The public had him pegged all wrong, he complained. Donna Hanover shared a painful memory several years ago in an interview with The New York Times. On the night of his defeat, Mr. Giuliani crumpled at the foot of their bed and asked, ''Do they really think I'm mean?''

Looking toward a 1993 rematch, the candidate would find ways to become new and improved. He spent hundreds of hours in a self-designed seminar, inviting experts to tutor him on urban reforms. He also submitted to a political airbrushing by new strategists. Weight was lost, a tan was added. He danced a two-step at a hoedown in SoHo, greeting people with ''Howdy.''

At heart, however, Mr. Giuliani was still the scrappy prosecutor in a city where voters seemed willing to blame the incumbent for a staggering murder rate, homelessness and a general sense of disorder. He believed then -- as he does now -- ''that in New York, you have to be a fighter.''

He beat Mr. Dinkins by a margin of two percentage points, becoming the city's first Republican mayor in a generation. His campaign themes were true to his roots: part nostalgia, part law and order. He promised nothing less than to restore a better quality of life.

His inaugural speech seemed the dare of a new sheriff, busting through the saloon doors. ''The era of fear has had a long-enough reign,'' he said. ''As of this moment, the expressions of cynicism -- New York is not governable, New York is not manageable, New York is not worth it -- all of these I declare politically incorrect.''

Mr. Giuliani considered himself a warrior in the free-for-all between cops and robbers. He was the people's choice for top cop, and, therefore, to oppose him was to rob the public of its collective will.

In his third month as Mayor, the one-time political science major had occasion to describe his philosophy of government at a New York Post forum on crime. His passage from the liberal beliefs of his younger years was complete.

