https://web.archive.org/web/20051210114606/http://www.allianceforschoolchoice.org:80/school_choice_history.aspx



School Choice FAQ

While the school choice movement can trace its lineage to the very genesis of the United States civil society, the concept of parental choice in education began to more fully mature through the work of Nobel Prize winning economist Milton Friedman. Just one year after the landmark Brown v. Board of Education case, Friedman explained a plan for student school vouchers that would enhance and diversify K-12 education across the country. Friedman’s plan, and much of the scholarship that it inspired, focused on the means by which all students would have access to equal and excellent educational opportunities. In 1990, the movement took a substantial step forward with the creation of the nation’s first publicly financed urban school choice program, the Milwaukee Parental Choice Program.(link to page with state choice programs) Several similar initiatives were established in the years following, utilizing both the voucher and the tax credit model, with publicly funded and supported choice programs developing in areas such as Arizona, Florida, Minnesota, Pennsylvania, Cleveland and Ohio. With the development of these programs came the institution of multiple state-based and national organizations (link to allies page) whose function was the protection and expansion of school choice. In 2002, the movement earned a momentous triumph with the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision on the constitutionality of the Cleveland scholarship program in the 2002 Zelman v. Simmons-Harris decision. Throughout this period of tremendous growth, it became increasingly clear that the school choice movement would need to develop a national infrastructure and vision in order to achieve sustainable success. With this in mind, scholars, allies, philanthropists and activists discussed the creation of a single, national, high capacity initiative that could lead school choice into its most exciting era. After significant research and planning, on May 17, 2004 – the 50th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education – this initiative became a reality, as the Alliance for School Choice was launched. The Alliance for School Choice is the only national policy organization devoted exclusively to promoting school choice programs that expand private sector opportunities, primarily for economically disadvantaged children. Together with its sister lobbying organization, Advocates for School Choice – and in close collaboration with state and national allies – the Alliance is devoted to assisting local efforts to implement successful and transformative school choice programs throughout the country. The Alliance for School Choice is the legacy of many years of advancing the cause of educational opportunity. Standing on the shoulders of giants such as Milton Friedman, strengthened by the pioneering work of countless allies, and empowered by the promises set forth in Brown v. Board of Education, the Alliance is committed to the work of leading school choice into a new era – one that will ultimately see the vision of educational opportunity become a reality.

