http://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/03/us/politics/03campaign.html?ref=politics

Michael Powell

Strong Words in Ohio as Obama and Clinton Press On

Mr. Obama often boxes careful rounds with Mrs. Clinton, rationing his jabs while striving to appear unflappable. But the primary races in Texas and Ohio could not be closer. So he noted that Mrs. Clinton did not read the National Intelligence Estimate, a classified document available to senators, before her 2002 vote to authorize the war.

“If the chairman of the intelligence committee who voted against the war says, ‘You should read this, this is why I’m voting against the war,’ you should probably read it,” Mr. Obama said.

Senator John D. Rockefeller IV, Democrat of West Virginia, took the role of designated duelist. Mr. Rockefeller has endorsed Mr. Obama; he also voted for the war. But Mr. Rockefeller, who campaigned with Mr. Obama for part of the day, criticized those who failed to read the assessment.

“There were a lot of senators who should have read it,” Mr. Rockefeller said, “and they didn’t.”

The intemperate words of candidates and their surrogates came in a town that 80 years ago was considered the nation’s most temperate, calling itself “the dry capital” before Prohibition.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

Now Westerville is a well-heeled suburb of Columbus, and tends to vote Republican. Some self-described Republicans showed up at Mr. Obama’s rally and spoke of abandoning their party’s likely standard bearer, Senator John McCain.

Amy Fleer, 36, asking Mr. Obama a question, said she was an Obama-leaning Republican. Afterward, she explained why.

“He doesn’t flip-flop, he doesn’t attack; he’s very calming and reassuring,” said Ms. Fleer, who lives in Blacklick, Ohio.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Her aunt and mother, lifelong Republicans, nodded heads in unison. “I’m tired of the same old, same old,” said Janice Evans, the aunt. “You see the same people standing behind McCain that stood behind President Bush.”

Mr. Obama addressed the traits he would look for in a Supreme Court justice, suggesting he might leaven legal scholarship with practical political experience. He held up Earl Warren, a former governor of California and the former chief justice, as an exemplar.

Mr. Warren, he said, had had the wisdom to recognize that segregation was wrong less because of precise sociological effects and more so because it was immoral and stigmatized blacks.

“I want people on the bench who have enough empathy, enough feeling, for what ordinary people are going through,” Mr. Obama said.

While the two Democrats battled in Ohio, Senator John McCain held a barbecue at his cabin near Sedona, Ariz. Mr. McCain, clad in a white sweatshirt with a family photograph on it, served reporters beef ribs he had prepared and grilled.

After spending the weekend off the campaign trail — he met at his compound with Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, former Senator Phil Gramm of Texas, Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr. of Utah, and others — he was to return to Texas on Monday to campaign for Tuesday’s primary, when his aides hope he will reach the 1,191 delegates needed to clinch the nomination.

