http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-3460_162-57500549/face-the-nation-transcripts-august-26-2012-rubio-priebus-barbour-blackburn/?pageNum=7&tag=contentMain;contentBody



"Face the Nation" transcripts, August 26, 2012: Rubio, Priebus, Barbour, Blackburn

(CBS News) Below is a transcript of "Face the Nation" on August 26, 2012, hosted by CBS News' Bob Schieffer. Guests include: Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla.; former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour; RNC Chairman Reince Priebus; and Rep. Marsha Blackburn, R-Tenn. Roundtable participants include: Wall Street Journal columnist Peggy Noonan, National Review editor Rich Lowry, Washington Post reporter Dan Balz, CBS This Morning co-host Norah O'Donnell, and CBS News political director John Dickerson.

BOB SCHIEFFER: Today on FACE THE NATION, from Tampa, Florida, here come the Republicans, and here comes the storm, but who will get here first?

MITT ROMNEY: We'll soon be having a convention in Tampa, Florida. I'm told the weather may be a little iffy there.

BOB SCHIEFFER: He got that right. Republicans have already canceled Monday's session. But how much rain will fall on Mitt Romney's parade? We'll get the latest on the storm; and we'll get the latest on the convention run-up from Florida's Senator Marco Rubio, a rising star in the Republican Party. He will lay out their choices this election presents and defend Mitt Romney's Medicare plan.

SENATOR MARCO RUBIO (Florida Senator): For Barack Obama and many in the Democratic Party, this is not about saving Medicare. This is about how they can use Medicare as a political weapon in an election.

BOB SCHIEFFER: We'll also talk to key Republicans, party Chair Reince Priebus, party platform Chair Marsha Blackburn, and former Mississippi Governor, Haley Barbour about a campaign that suddenly shifted from jobs and the economy to Medicare and abortion. For analysis we will be joined by Peggy Noonan of the Wall Street Journal; Rich Lowry of the National Review, Fox News, and TIME Magazine; Dan Balz of the Washington Post, and our own Norah O'Donnell and John Dickerson. Get to the high ground and we will talk some politics because this is FACE THE NATION.

ANNOUNCER: And now from the site of the Republican National Convention in Tampa, Florida, FACE THE NATION with Bob Schieffer.

BOB SCHIEFFER: And good morning again. We are here on the floor of the Republican Convention in Tampa, but just to see what may be headed our way, we want to start by going to Dave Bernard of our Miami Station WFOR, for the very latest on this storm track. David, what do you know?

DAVID BERNARD (WFOR-Miami): Well, good morning, Bob. Tropical Storm Isaac is moving across South Florida this morning, the worst the storm has to offer, moving through Miami and also the Florida Keys, as we speak. The latest position on the storm about one hundred and thirty-five miles east-southeast of Key West and winds are sixty-five miles per hour.

Now look at the future track. This is projected to become a hurricane later today or tonight and be just west of the Tampa area in the eastern Gulf of Mexico late tonight and during the day tomorrow. So the worst weather in Tampa will be late tonight and on Monday. But there's growing concern this morning, Bob, that a very strong hurricane is heading for the northern Gulf Coast, and anywhere from New Orleans east to the Florida Panhandle needs to be on watch. In fact this morning, hurricane watches have now been posted for the northern Gulf Coast. They don't include New Orleans right now but we can't say that New Orleans is off the hook. We are going to watch it very closely over the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours.

