https://www.dailystar.co.uk/diet-fitness/605558/Vanessa-Hudgens-weight-loss-diet-fitness-SoulCycle-classes

Sarah Buchanan, Image, Instagram Getty, Splash

Vanessa Hudgens lost 20lbs by doing THIS twice a day

The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get the biggest Daily News stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

(Image: INSTAGRAM/GETTY)

Vanessa had to pile on 20lbs for her role in 2013 film Gimme Shelter. But in a bid to shape up the 28-year-old turned to twice-daily fitness classes.

Revealing all in an interview with Women’s Health, the High School Musical babe said she routinely attended SoulCycle.

She explained: “Put me on a bike in a room with loud music, and I’m happy. It’s like dancing without the stress of worrying if you look good.

“I’m really competitive when it comes to fitness. I like being around people so I can compete.”

Along with her dedicated fitness regime, Vanessa stuck to a high-fat, low-carb which helped to maintain her energy levels throughout the day.

The brunette beauty confessed that her strict diet meant she slimmed down quickly.

Vanessa said: “Since I got back to eating like this the last month or so, I’ve lost 10lbs. That’s a lot for my [5’1”] height.”

Now she’s maintaining her super toned physique with frequent yoga classes.

(Image: SPLASH)

She added: “I looked in the mirror and was like, ‘Who am I?’ It was definitely a journey back to myself, and yoga helped.

“I don’t consider it fitness. It’s more like therapy for me.”

Meanwhile Vanessa isn’t the only celeb to share a weight loss secret.

Ed Sheeran recently opened up about how he dropped 3.5st after gorging on pizza and beer.

To beat the bulge, the hitmaker asked his hockey player girlfriend Cherry Seaborn for fitness advice.

So the stunning blonde devised a diet plan and workout regime for him to follow.

Ed explained: “I did 10 minutes a day without fail – intervals of 30 seconds sprinting and 30 jogging.

“The key is to not miss a day, so you don’t have to do an hour.”

