https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/live-feed/grace-frankie-season-4-trailer-lisa-kudrow-makes-her-debut-1069613

Jackie Strause, Jackie.Strause Thr.Com

Lisa Kudrow Makes Her Debut in 'Grace and Frankie' Season 4 Trailer

"What the hell is going on here?" asks Frankie (Lily Tomlin) of the new friend arrival.

It's three's company when Grace and Frankie are joined by newcomer Lisa Kudrow in season four.

Netflix released the official trailer for the returning comedy starring Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin, and the first look shows Kudrow making her debut as Grace's (Fonda) longtime manicurist, Sheree. Sheree greets Frankie (Tomlin) with a hug, to which Grace's protective best pal deadpans, "It's a good thing I'm not allergic to rhinestones." But she is quickly left stunned by their friendship and asking, "What the hell is going on here?" The arrival of Sheree is set to irk Frankie and threaten to drive a wedge between her and Grace as the season progresses.

Kudrow's arrival as a recurring star also marks a Friends reunion with creator Marta Kauffman. The pair have not worked together since the NBC comedy wrapped in 2004.

The trailer also hints at further upheaval to come, as Grace's and Frankie's ex-husbands turned lovers, Sol (Sam Waterston) and Robert (Martin Sheen), are having marital problems. Their therapist suggests they try an open marriage.

Meanwhile, partners in crime Grace and Frankie remain partners in business as well, as Grace is shown continuing to sell their now-recognizable purple vibrators, which are targeted to women who, like 70somethings Grace and Frankie, desire to explore their sexuality at any age. The pair continue their usual shenanigans, but also appear to be in denial about their health, spurring their kids to stage what appears to be an intervention.

The Emmy-nominated comedy also stars Brooklyn Decker, June Diane Raphael, Ethan Embry, Baron Vaughn. Ernie Hudson returns as Frankie's boyfriend and Peter Gallagher is also back as a potential love interest for Grace.

The fourth season of Grace and Frankie launches Jan. 19 on Netflix. Watch the trailer below.

