https://www.express.co.uk/news/world/951613/Melania-Trump-in-pictures-birthday-first-lady-48-Donald-Trump-Flotus

Amani Hughes

Melania Trump life in pictures: First Lady celebrates 48th birthday today

Melania Trump in pictures Sat, July 28, 2018 America's First Lady Melania Trump in pictures. Play slideshow Getty•REUTERS 1 of 100 Melania Trump in pictures

The current FLOTUS was born in Novo Mesto, Slovenia on April 26, 1970. Born Melania Knavs, she began her modelling career at the age of sixteen and attended the University of Ljubljana in Slovenia where she studied architecture. However, she left her studies after a year to pursue a successful career in modelling. Melania has worked as a fashion model for agencies in Milan and Paris and she later moved to New York City in 1996.

In 2000, she appeared nude on the cover of British GQ, an achievement she is immensely proud of and is listed on her official biography on the White House website. The website states: “As a model, Melania has appeared in high profile ad campaigns and worked with some of the top photographer in the fashion industry. “She has graced the covers of Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, British GQ, Ocean Drive, Avenue, In Style and New York Magazine.” Melania also once appeared scantily clad aboard Donald Trump’s gold-encrusted Boeing 727.

Getty Melania Trump life in pictures: Melania Trump at her Donald Trump's inauguration

GQ editor Dylan Jones said Trump requested the photographs be delivered to his office. “We framed the cover and a selection of prints and sent them as soon as we could,” he said. She met the current US President Donald Trump, who was a real estate mogul at the time, at a party in New York and they began a relationship. Melania married Donald Trump in January 2005 and a year later the couple had their first son, Barron William Trump.

Getty Melania Trump life in pictures: Melania with Donald Trump in 1999

When she married Mr Trump she became a step-mother to his children Donald Jr, Eric, Ivanka and Tiffany Trump. In 2006, she officially became a citizen of the United States of America. She is only the second First Lady outside of the United States. The first was Louisa Adams, wife to John Quincy Adams, the nation’s sixth president. Recently the First Lady welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte to the White House and hosted her first state dinner with France.

Getty Melania Trump life in pictures: Melania hosted a state dinner with France

