https://www.thewrap.com/kylie-jenner-breaks-met-gala-no-selfie-rule-with-epic-star-studded-photo/

Beatrice Verhoeven, Rosemary Rossi, Joe Otterson, Tim Kenneally, Ross A. Lincoln, Jeremy Fuster, Sharon Waxman, Trey Williams, Greg Gilman

Kylie Jenner Breaks Met Gala’s ‘No Selfie Rule’ With Kim and Brie Larson (Photo)

Kylie Jenner broke the Met Gala’s “No Selfie Rule” at the annual event on Monday night, posting an epic bathroom selfie featuring Kim Kardashian West, Lily Aldridge and Brie Larson.

The social media star, who was wearing a Versace dress, was joined by A$AP Rocky, Sean “Diddy” Combs, Paris Jackson, Kendall Jenner, Frank Ocean and Ashton Sanders for the impromptu photoshoot.

annual bathroom selfie A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 1, 2017 at 7:55pm PDT

Larson later reposted Jenner’s major selfie, joking about how a trip to the bathroom made her famous. Of course, other celebrities also shared the photo on various other platforms later, including Jenner’s sister Kim Kardashian, Michelle Monaghan, and shoe designer Tabitha Simmons.

Also Read: What Is the Met Gala?

I needed to go the bathroom and ended up famous https://t.co/j1zE9VE9ZW — Brie Larson (@brielarson) May 2, 2017

According to E! Online, the “no social media” policy was implemented in 2015 but isn’t taken as seriously two years later. Sources told the publication that when the policy was first introduced it was “solely to do with guests’ security and enjoyment of the event,” not to prohibit them from documenting the annual night.

Halle Berry and Nick Jonas, for example, kept fans up to date on their night by posting Instagram stories, while Jackson shared a Snapchat photo of herself in the bathroom with Bella Hadid, Lara Stone and Ruby Rose.

In 2015, Kendall Jenner took a bathroom selfie which featured the likes of Emily Ratajkowski, Zoe Kravitz and Cara Delevingne.

See Photos: 2017 Met Gala: Best and Worst Dressed

New York City’s famed Metropolitan Museum of Art hosts an annual fundraiser for its Costume Institute. It’s attended by luminaries from the intersecting power circles of fashion, Hollywood, music, Wall Street, Washington D.C., Silicon Valley and even sports.

The annual Costume Institute exhibit is curated by Andrew Bolton, and watched over with an iron clutch by Vogue editor and Conde Nast creative director Anna Wintour. This year’s theme was “Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-Between,” a celebration of the avant-garde designer.

