https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5848835/Sharon-Stone-60-shares-rare-photo-three-adopted-sons-inside-Beverly-Hills-home.html

Heidi Parker, Heidi Parker For Dailymail.Com

Sharon Stone, 60, shares very rare photo with all three adopted sons inside her Beverly Hills home

Sharon Stone is the blonde bombshell who just gets better with age.

The 60-year-old beauty is still in top shape and has been landing role after role - she is currently on HBO's series Mosaic.

But some people forget she's a doting mother to three sons. On Thursday the Basic Instinct vet reminded her Instagram followers of that as she shared a rare image with all three boys while inside her Beverly Hills mansion.

Mama bear: Sharon Stone is the blonde bombshell who just gets better with age. And she's also a mother of three. On Thursday she shared a rare image with all three sons

Stone was in a striped shirt with barely any makeup on and flashing ehr toned legs as she sat in front of her lap top with a bottle of San Pellegrino water.

Her kids were surrounding her on a sofa.

The caption read, '#family ❤️.'

She has 18-year-old Roan Joseph Bronstein, who she adopted with ex-husband Phil Bronstein in 2000.

The beauty also has Quinn Kelly Stone, 12, and Laird Vonne Stone, 13, she adopted on her own.

In the past: The star, who was previously married to TV producer Michael Greenburg and newspaper executive Phil Bronstein (pictured above in 2002), won't confirm whether or not she's currently single

Sharon was last seen on Tuesday in Beverly Hills.

She showcased her signature style as she ran errands with a pal. The star passed by Lisa Vanderpump's restaurant Villa Blanca.

Looking youthful as ever, the acclaimed actress, who has also starred in The Disaster Artist, Catwoman and Casino, looked effortlessly chic in a pair of loose-fitting ankle-length white trouser.

Style savvy: Sharon showcased her signature style as she ran errands around Beverly Hills with a pal on Tuesday

The blonde beauty teamed her look with a black striped T-shirt that boasted a scooped neckline which teased at her decolletage.

Soaking up the Californian sun, she accessorised her ensemble with a gold necklace and a pair of orange-framed shades.

The Total Recall star swapped her usual stilettos for a pair of backless leather sandals as she commanded the pavement.

Sharon accentuated her age-defying appearance as she worked her blonde locks into a tousled coif and sported minimal make-up.

Although she was all covered up for her outing, she has not shied away from the sexy image that she crafted after Basic Instinct made her a superstar in 1992.

The Pennsylvania native is known for her sophisticated image and is often a hit at awards shows, where she models fashion's finest attire, like the all-black ensemble she donned at the Janie's Fund Gala in Los Angeles during January.

The former model recently expressed that she won't ever allow herself to be 'define[d]' by a man.

Sex symbol: She earned her sex symbol status after starring in 1992's Basic Instinct

The star, who was previously married to TV producer Michael Greenburg and newspaper executive Bronstein, won't confirm whether or not she's currently single.

Yet, she is adamant that she won't be in a relationship unless it is an 'actual partnership.'

Speaking to Grazia magazine in April, she said: 'I was just not that girl who was told that a man would define me.

'I was told that if I wanted to have a man in my life, it wouldn't be an arrangement, it would be an actual partnership. And those are hard to find.'

