https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4474008/Ellen-pranks-Matt-Lauer-scary-Savannah-Guthrie-double.html

Kelvera At Dailymail.Com

Ellen pranks Matt Lauer with scary Savannah Guthrie double

Matt Lauer jumped out of his seat during an interview on Thursday.

The Today Show host was shocked to see a Savannah Guthrie impersonator in a floral dress come out of nowhere to scare him when on Ellen DeGeneres' talk show.

'It's so petty. It’s so childish!' laughed Matt after taking a second to find his composure. 'Now I wet my suit. It’s the only suit I have.'

Scroll down for video

Happy to see me? Matt Lauer stopped by Ellen DeGeneres' show this week, where he got a huge surprise in the form of a prank from the hostess

Matt was talking to Ellen about music when the man came from out of nowhere causing the 59-year-old to jump in horror.

'Oh, God!' squealed the Ohio University alum.

Making the scary surprise even sillier, the prankster was clad in a caramel blonde wig and floral dress to look like Matt's co-host Guthrie - although the resemblance was hard to find.

Fun packed visit: At the studio, Ellen scared the AM anchor by having a staffer dress like his Today Show co-host Savannah Guthrie and jump out in the middle of their interview

Outta here! The New York native immediately jumped from his seat, much to the delight of the comedienne

Ellen was pleased with her prank.

She laughed and smiled, clearly happy she got the best of Lauer.

'That was one of my favorites,' said DeGeneres, hardly able to contain her laughter. 'That was my favorite [prank] so far.'

'It's so childish': Although the prank clearly surprised him, Matt and Ellen have a history of playing elaborate jokes on each other

Not quite twinning: Although it was a nice dress, it was hard to see the resemblance between them and Savannah

Instant replay! The blonde hostess made sure that the audience - and Matt - got to see the prank again

Matt and Ellen have a history of pranking each other, all starting when the morning anchor filled the blonde hostess' car to the brim with ping pong balls in 2015.

Before the fun and games, the duo talked about something else that scares them: turning 60.

While Mr Lauer will celebrate his 60th on December 30, Ellen will have to wait until January 2018.

Although the comedienne said she wasn't bothered by the impending birthday, Matt revealed he's not feeling as laid back about it.

Big milestones: Both hosts are celebrating their 60th birthdays in the coming year, a milestone with Matt says makes him a 'little freaked out'

Pint-sized presidential expert: Matt faced off with six-year-old smarty Macey Hensley for a trivia battle, where he was beaten handily

'I'm a little freaked out about this one, I don't know why,' explained the journalist.

'Fifty didn't bother me... and the weird part is it seems like people were just asking me "how does it feel to be turning 50?"'

'That means your memory's going,' quipped back Ellen much to the delight of the New York native.

Simpatico: The hosts ended the interview with a hug, although it's certain their prank war is still alive

Although she wasn't trying to make Matt feel older, their next segment might of had him feeling a little long in the tooth.

Facing off with six-year-old presidential expert Macey Hensley, the NBC talent is easily trounced by her knowledge.

'That was unbelievable,' said Matt, before the little lady was awarded with a giant trophy.

Tune in to Thursday's episode of Ellen to catch her epic prank and chat with Matt, in addition to his trivia showdown with the pint-size presidential expert.

