https://www.harpersbazaar.com/celebrity/latest/a19703814/who-is-kate-hudson-boyfriend-danny-fujikawa/

Eileen Reslen

Meet Kate Hudson's Boyfriend and Third Child's Father

Kate Hudson and her boyfriend, Danny Fujikawa, welcomed their first child together, a daughter named Rani Rose Hudson Fujikawa, on October 2, 2018. "We have decided to name our daughter Rani (pronounced Ronnie) after her grandfather, Ron Fujikawa," she wrote on Instagram. "Ron was the most special man who we all miss dearly. To name her after him is an honor."

She added, "Everyone is doing well and happy as can be. Our family thanks you for all the love and blessings that have been sent our way and we send ours right back."

Back in April 2018, Hudson announced she and Fujikawa were having a baby with an Instagram video of their exciting gender-reveal party.

"My kids, Danny, myself and the entire family are crazy excited!" Hudson captioned the post, adding that they have "a little girl on the way."

Hudson has two children, Ryder Russell Robinson, 15, and Bingham Hawn Bellamy, 8, from previous relationships with Chris Robinson and Matt Bellamy, respectively. She and Fujikawa began dating a little more than a year ago, and this will be the couple's first child together.

Here is everything you need to know about the first-time dad.

He and Hudson have known each other for more than a decade.

Charley Gallay Getty Images

Although Fujikawa and Hudson just made their red-carpet debut as an official couple last May, the pair have actually known each other for 15 years. Hudson told The Talk hosts that she first met Fujikawa through her best friends, Sara and Erin Foster.



"We've known each other for 15 years. He's my best friend's stepbrother," she said. "We kinda skipped through the part of knowing what the hiccups were. You kinda skip the part of going, 'Oh, you're like that?'"



She added, "In terms of family, I've known his family forever. To have that connection is really powerful."



He's a musician.

Getty Images

It's safe to say Hudson has a thing for rockers after previously being with The Black Crowes' Chris Robinson and Muse's Matthew Bellamy. Fujikawa is the former lead singer and guitarist for the L.A.–based folk rock band Chief, which he cofounded with his brother Michael Fujikawa. The group is now disbanded but still remain friendly. Fujikawa posted a photo with his former bandmates on Instagram on April 30, which prompted many fans to wonder whether Chief was getting back together.



He founded his own record company.

Fujikawa founded Lightwave Records in Los Angeles in 2013, according to his LinkedIn profile.

He went to NYU.

Getty Images

Fujikawa's LinkedIn profile also states that he went to New York University starting in 2004 where he studied music. However, he did not graduate and dropped out in 2005. His activities while attending the school consisted of "bartending at Lit lounge, lots of walking, and not going to school."

He has two brothers.

Their names are Michael and Brady Fujikawa, and they were all raised in Los Angeles. Fujikawa shared the adorable throwback above for one of his brothers' birthdays.

He is part Japanese.

A discussion on Reddit last year claimed that Hudson's new beau has Japanese roots. The musician has also alluded to his Asian heritage on social media. On July 10, 2017, Fujikawa shared an Instagram photo of an Akira video game with the caption, "I'm a glass is half Japanese kind of guy." And back in 2012, he shared a vintage photo of his "Ojisan and obachan," grandfather and grandmother in Japanese.



Hudson and Fujikawa might get married.

Just this month, Hudson revealed to The Telegraph that she was considering getting married to Fujikawa. The actress said, "We think about that a lot. Marriage is definitely not a golden ticket—it's not going to solve any challenges in a relationship. But as someone who's lived through … well, trial and error, I think that the symbolism of marriage, that commitment, is more important to kids than we sometimes think."

