https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4613280/Proud-dad-Rob-Kardashian-gushes-Dream.html

Lily Waddell, Lily Waddell For Mailonline

Rob Kardashian gushes about Dream on Instagram

He became a father for the first time when his on-off girlfriend Blac Chyna welcomed a baby girl into the world in November 2016.

And Rob Kardashian, 30, is every inch the doting dad as he posted a sweet picture of Dream on his Instagram on Friday.

Cute as a button, the seven-month-old little girl gazed adoringly at her father who was behind the camera lens.

Scroll down for video

'She is sitting up on her own': Proud dad Rob Kardashian, 30, gushed about his seven-month-old daughter Dream as he shared a cute picture on Instagram on Friday

Dream wore a simple white jumpsuit and a pink baseball cap as she enjoyed spending quality time with Rob.

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star proved to be throwing himself into fatherhood and discussed how proud he was of his daughter on social media.

Pleased as punch, he gushed on Instagram: 'Lol my baby. She is sitting up on her own.' (sic)

Siblings: Blac Chyna showed off her children King Cairo, four, and Dream, seven months, on Snapchat on Sunday

The Rob & Chyna TV personality shares his daughter with his on-off girlfriend Chyna, 29, who is the proud mum to two children.

The model also has an older son King Cairo, four, who she shares with her ex Tyga who is besotted with Dream.

In a cosy snapchat video, the little girl is already getting pampered with designer clothing, sporting a pink Moschino outfit in the videos where she is seen yanking at her older brother's braided hair.

Super close: Her two children snuggled up to each other in the videos from their Sunday dinner

Another quick video shows Chyna's youngest joyfully smiling into the camera.

'Haha Dream wants the bread !!!,' Chyna wrote in a photo of both her kids holding on to a piece of bread at the dinner table.

In recent months, Rob and Chyna were seen hanging out together sparking rumours they had rekindled their romance.

Happy baby: Her seven-month-old joyfully smiled while wearing a bright pink Moschino outfit

They have enjoyed a passionate on/off relationship since they started dating at the beginning of 2016.

But it has since been revealed the former couple are amicable, but are not back together.

However, E! News quoted a source that Rob and Chyna 'are co-parenting and independently working on themselves but they're more cordial now than they have been, which is why they hung out recently.

Silly: Baby Dream grabbed one of her brother's braids in one of the videos

The insider added: 'But by no means are they back together.'

Rob has documented his heartbreak in a series of Instagram posts, claiming that the public split 'wasn’t fake or some publicity stunt'.

He said : 'This is all very real in my life. I don’t play when it comes to my woman and my baby.'

The two subsequently reconciled, split again in February and reconciled again, as Chyna and Rob were seen kissing in a Snapchat video she uploaded in April.

