https://www.celebritynetworth.com/richest-businessmen/ceos/tommy-mottola-net-worth/



Tommy Mottola Net Worth

Tommy Mottola net worth and salary: Tommy Mottola is a powerful American music executive who has a net worth of $400 million. Tommy Mottola was born in the Bronx, New York on July 14, 1949. He is currently the co-owner of Casablanca Records, a joint division of the Universal Music Group. Mottola began his career in the music industry at CBS. At the age of 37 Motalla was running CBS when he struck a deal for the company to be purchased by the Sony Corporation. Mottola was then named the Chairman and CEO of Sony Music Entertainment.

Mottola transformed the reputation of Sony Music, expanding the business into 60 countries and signing and developing the careers of some of the biggest artists in the world. Just a few of the mega stars Mottola has launched include Mariah Carey, Celine Dion, Destiny's Child/Beyonce, Jennifer Lopez, Shakira, Gloria Estefan, the Dixie Chicks, Marc Anthony, Barbra Streisand, Bruce Springsteen, and Billy Joel. In June of 1993, Tommy Mottola married Mariah Carey in a lavish multi-million dollar ceremony. The marriage was short lived, with the couple divorcing in early 1998. In 2000, Carey left Columbia and signed an $80 million contract with rival Virgin Records. That same year, Tommy Mottola began dating Latin singer Thalia, whom he married that December. The two have one child, Sabrina Sakae.

After 15 years at the helm of Sony, Mottola had increased the company's annual revenue from $800 million per year to over $6 billion in 2000. Mottola left Sony Music Entertainment in 2003 to build a new entertainment company. He would go on to helped re-launch the career of Usher with his album "Confessions" that sold over 20 million copies worldwide. Mottola then bought the rights to Casablanca Records and resurrected it with singer/actress Lindsay Lohan.

Tommy Mottola Net Worth from Real Estate: In 2010, Tommy and his wife Thalia spent $2.85 million to buy an undeveloped 6-acre parcel of land in Greenwich, Connecticut. They spent three years designing and building their 9-bedroom, 12,300 square foot dream home which features a footbridge to a small private island on the property's lake. They listed the property for sale in April 2017 and finally found a buyer in April 2019 for $14.875 million.

