https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6513275/Bella-Hadid-gushes-beau-Weeknd-admits-gaining-respect-fellow-models-hard.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Bella Hadid gushes over beau The Weeknd and admits 'gaining respect' from fellow models is 'hard'

Bella Hadid loves horses, butterflies and, most of all, her boyfriend.

The 22-year-old model gave a candid interview about her 'happy' life in a video for Vogue's 73 Questions series which was published Wednesday.

A horse stable served as the setting for the shoot as the beauty is an 'Olympic-class equestrian, who competed for 10 years.'

Candid chat: Bella Hadid gushed about boyfriend The Weeknd and her 'happy life' in a new episode of Vogue's 73 Questions which was published on Wednesday

The fast paced Q&A happened as the Victoria's Secret stunner walked through the stables happily feeding horses and snuggling a rescue goat named Olivia.

When asked who the most 'beautiful person' she knows is, the model didn't hesitate in saying 'my boyfriend.'

She also named her beau as the person who makes her 'laugh the hardest.'

Bella and R&B star The Weeknd (real name Abel Tesfaye) started dating in 2015 but broke up a year later. Over the summer in 2018 the couple reconciled and seem to be going strong.

Animal lover: The interview was done in horse stables as the practiced equestrian fed carrots to the horses and road off into the sunset

Stylish! The 22-year-old was decked out in impeccable riding gear

In love: Bella named her boyfriend The Weeknd as the person who makes her laugh the hardest and the 'most beautiful' person she knows

If from the outside it looks like the beautiful, globe trotting model-of-the-moment has an idyllic life, that's because she does and she's grateful for it.

Asked who she would want to 'switch' lives with, Hadid had no answer as she is currently 'really happy' in her life right now.

The interview jumped from topic to topic revealing things like the star liking the 'only thing' her mom Yolanda Hadid cooks: a bolognese.

Happy times: Bella revealed that she is 'really happy' with her life right now and wouldn't want to trade places with anyone

Yum: The interview jumped from topic to topic revealing things like the star liking the 'only thing' her mom Yolanda Hadid cooks: a bolognese

Beautiful! Bella said that she feels her best when she is 'healthy and confident'

When asked what makes her feel the most beautiful, Hadid quipped: 'Probably when I feel healthy and confident in myself.'

And as for what she considers her 'biggest career success,' Hadid surprisingly said it's her 'health and mental state right now.'

The star recently walked in the Victoria's Secret show and revealed that she can change looks back stage in 30 seconds.

Wow: The catwalker said she can change outfits at the Victoria's Secret show in 30 seconds

What really counts: Bella called her current 'health and mental state' her biggest accomplishment to date

Besties: The talent said she thinks of horses as her 'best friends'

Bella, who is the middle child of siblings Gigi and Anwar Hadid, said her family and friends are the 'most important' thing to her. She also anointed Gigi as the one person she'd want to get a gift from.

During the interview the animal lover joked about her 'resting b**** face' while feeding carrots to the horses.

'I get told that people don't think I'm as nice as I am,' she said. Adding later that she believes 'kindness' will always be in fashion.

Sister sister: Bella chose sister Gigi as the person she would want to give her the perfect present

Family time: With busy schedules, the Hadid family doesn't get to be together that often

Too cute! Baby rescue goat Olivia got some snuggle time with the California native

Perceptions: During the interview the animal lover joked about her 'resting b**** face'

However the California girl did admit that she has a struggle or two in her industry.

'The hardest thing about the modeling industry is probably gaining respect from my peers,' Hadid revealed.

She went on to share some advice for girls coming up in the modeling world.

Truth telling: 'I get told that people don't think I'm as nice as I am,' she said

On trend: Bella believes that 'kindness' will always be in fashion

'The hardest thing about the modeling industry is probably gaining respect from my peers,' Hadid revealed

'I think, there's a lot of pretty girls out there, so if you can't be kind and work hard there's no reason to do it.'

At the end of the nine minute piece, Bella, who was decked out in a riding ensemble gracefully mounted a horse named Cocoa and trotted off to some 'holiday music' that she chose.

As for her upcoming plans for the season, the busy model said she will be doing 'absolutely nothing.'

Dreaming: Walking in the Chanel show was on of the star's favorite modeling moments

