https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4655726/Kristin-Cavallari-gave-parenting-advice-Hills-stars.html

Heidi Parker, Heidi Parker For Dailymail.Com

Kristin Cavallari gave parenting advice to Hills co-stars

Kristin Cavallari showed off her legs as she modeled shoes from her fall campaign while in Nashville in an alluring Instagram post shared on Friday.

That same day the 30-year-old star revealed which Hills costars she has given parenting advice to as she spoke to the Today show.

Turns out the looker has talked babies to Audrina Patridge, who welcomed her daughter last year, and Heidi Montag, who is pregnant with her first child. She did not mention Lauren Conrad or Whitney Port, who are both pregnant with their first children.

Nice pins! Kristin Cavallari showed off her toned legs in this photo from her shoot for her new fall shoes collection

A nice portrait: The blonde stunner also shared this photo on Instagram

In her interview with the morning show, Cavallari (who has sons Camden, four, and Jaxon, three, as well as daughter Saylor, one with Jay Cutler) said she is close to Patridge.

'When Audrina was pregnant, she reached out a lot and asked me some questions, like what pregnancy jeans I liked, and that kind of stuff,' said Kristin.

'I've talked to her since she's had the baby and she sounds like she's just loving life.'

The ladies: (L to R) Whitney Port, Lauren Contad, Audrina Patridge and Heidi Montag

She added they want to meet up.

'Audrina and I talked about getting the kids together. It's just so hard because we're in Nashville and everyone's out there. But I did tell Audrina that both my boys will be in school in the fall, so when I bring Saylor out, I would love to make that happen.'

As far as Heidi, who is married to Spencer Pratt, she said: 'I put together a little list of different products and toys that I've loved and sent that over to her.'

More: The beauty also posed in these open-toe, lace-up boots

Kristin says having kids is a lot of work because her sons are so rambunctious.

'My boys are so close in age, so one minute they're best friends and one minute they're hitting each other, punching each other,' she said.

'They get very violent with each other...I think just right now, that's the hardest part.

'As they get older, I know I would like to raise my boys to be gentlemen and be very respectful of women and have good manners and just be good, quality guys.

Her man: The looker is married to Jay Cutler; here they are seen in 2014 in Chicago

Family of five: Kristin and Jay are parents to four-year-old son Camden, three-year-old son Jaxon and one-year-old daughter Saylor

'And the best part is, they're so sweet, they're incredibly loving, and they love to cuddle and they love their mommy. And that's the best feeling in the entire world.'

One surprise she has had is that her kids are not at all alike.

'I have three kids and what I've learned is, each baby is so different,' she said.

'And every family, every person is different. So I say, be open-minded, but at the end of the day you really have to do what you think is best, and really trust your gut feelings.'

As far as her daughter she says there is a 'different bond.'

'#ISurvivedTheDetox': Cavallari gave her Instagram following a glimpse of her jealousy-inducing bikini body with a post she's uploaded this Sunday

Kristin said: 'She's a diva, but she's a ton of fun...She may as well be another boy because she's the third so she wants to do whatever the boys are doing. She's pretty tough. She's getting down and dirty and isn't afraid to roughhouse.'

This comes after she gave her Instagram following a glimpse of her jealousy-inducing bikini body with a post she's uploaded this Sunday.

Raising a large coffee mug, the 30-year-old mother of three lounged across a deck chair in a barely-there black two piece and sunglasses.

'Feeling like a new woman #ISurvivedTheDetox,' the Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County Star captioned, giving her location as the We Care Spa in Desert Springs, CA.

On Friday she'd uploaded an Instagram photo of the sun streaming around a sign in Palm Springs' Gateway Park that read: 'PALM SPRINGS' in massive metal lettering.

'Little road trip today....' Mrs. Jay Cutler wrote in her caption, chucking in the hashtags: '#DetoxWeekend #WhyDoWeDoThisToOurselves #JustGiveMeAMargarita'.

