https://www.usatoday.com/story/life/people/2017/07/12/dance-moms-star-abby-lee-miller-reports-prison/471450001/



'Dance Moms' star Abby Lee Miller checks into prison

Lorena Blas

USA TODAY Life

Former Dance Moms reality star Abby Lee Miller checked into federal prison Wednesday in Victorville, Calif., about a two-hour drive from Los Angeles.

More than a year after pleading guilty at federal court in Pittsburgh, Miller has reported to the FCI Victorville facility to begin serving her 366-day sentence. In May, she was sentenced for bankruptcy fraud and bringing $120,000 worth of Australian currency into the country without reporting it.

In addition to prison time, a federal judge also ordered her to pay a $40,000 fine and spend two years on probation after her release.

In the case, prosecutors said Miller was in Chapter 11 bankruptcy when she tried to hide $775,000 worth of income from her Lifetime network reality show and its spinoffs.

The investigation began when a channel-surfing bankruptcy judge saw Miller on TV in December 2012 and figured she had to be making more than the $8,899 in monthly income she was claiming.

Entertainment Tonight caught up with Miller at a red-carpet event in Los Angeles on Saturday night, when she talked about her pending imprisonment.

"I'll just have me to concentrate on and that’s different," she told Entertainment Tonight. "I’ve always put everybody else’s child first, before my own health, before my own outfit, before my own time frame. Everybody else was dressed and out the door and looking perfect and I was running around trying to find a clean towel to take a shower with, so I think this will be a little 'me' time."

Miller announced in March 2016 that she was leaving Dance Moms. In an Instagram post, she declared that she would no longer participate in the series as she had "ASKED, BEGGED, AND EVEN DEMANDED CREATIVE CREDIT FOR ALL THE IDEAS, AWARD WINNING ROUTINES, THEMES, AND COSTUMING" without success.

Contributing: The Associated Press

