https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-6517587/Woman-left-zombie-boobs-failed-surgery-lose-nipple.html

Erica Tempesta, Erica Tempesta For Dailymail.Com

Woman who was left with 'zombie boobs' after failed surgery could lose her nipple

A woman who was left with 'zombie boobs' after a failed fat transfer has to decide if she is willing to risk losing her nipples by having a second surgery to fix her deformed breasts.

In a preview clip from Thursday night's episode of the E! reality series Botched, Dr. Terry Dubrow warns his patient Shannon that it is a high-risk procedure because she doesn't have a great deal of blood supply coming into her nipples.

Although he has yet to lose a nipple over the course of his career, the surgeon admits that it's a possibility if Shannon decides to go under the knife again.

Scroll down for video

Looking for help: Shannon asks Dr. Terry Dubrow and Dr. Paul Nassif to fix her misshapen 'zombie boobs' on Thursday's episode of the E! reality series Botched

Yikes: The patient was left with deformed breasts after a failed fat transfer

'So, this is old. This is dead fat. So, all that fat transfer did was die,' Dr. Dubrow tells Shannon as he examines her breasts.

'For a fat transfer to the breast to work, the fat has to be good and the tissue you're transferring it to has to have good blood supply,' he explains during his confessional.

'In Shannon's case, that is absolutely not going to work, and, in my opinion, is a very weak solution.'

After nixing the possibility of a second fat-transfer surgery, Dr. Dubrow gives Shannon a rundown of the multi-step procedure she will have to undergo to fix her breasts.

The surgeon's complicated approach includes reconstruction and a new pair of implants.

'The breast tissue loss that you have from the original operation means the blood supply coming into the nipple is not that robust, he says. 'This is a risky procedure. I could lose your nipples with this.

No can do: Dr. Dubrow tells her that her breast is filled with 'dead fat,' explaining that a second fat transfer was out of the question

Complicated: Dr. Dubrow gives Shannon a rundown of the multi-step procedure she will have to undergo to fix her breasts, including reconstruction and new breast implants

'Have I ever lost a nipple? No. You want to be my first?' he asks Shannon, who shakes her head in response.

During her confessional, Shannon admits she is terrified because she would like to be able to breastfeed her children one day.

Dr. Dubrow also makes it clear that she won't have any control over what breast implants he decides to give her if she goes along with the surgery.

'I know what your goal is. You want to be filled out so when you're in clothes it looks like you've got breasts. You want a breast implant look, meaning you want a breast augmentation,' he says.

'But in terms of size, if you want me to do your surgery — I rarely say this to patients — it's up to me what size we use. That's my call, and if that's not acceptable, that's a deal breaker. It's up to me.'

Dr. Dubrow tells the camera that he needs Shannon to 'temper expectations' because she won't be getting her exact dream results if she has the surgery.

Complications: Dr. Dubrow explains that Shannon doesn't have a robust blood supply coming into the nipples because of the breast tissue loss she has from her original surgery

Say what? 'This is a risky procedure. I could lose your nipples with this,' he tells her

'It's scary,' says Shannon, and Dr. Dubrow agrees, telling her: 'It is scary. This is big-time, hi-risk surgery.'

However, Dr. Paul Nassif reassures her that Dr. Dubrow is a talented surgeon and the reward will most-likely outweigh the risks.

'The good news is you're now in someone's hands that is very good at this,' he says. 'There's a great chance of your breasts looking a lot better than you having a problem with your nipples.'

In another preview clip from the episode, Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif meet with Michelle, a woman who was left scarring on her chin after a botched surgery.

'I went into the doctor. He looked at my chin area and there was a double chin and some loose skin, so he said that I should put in an implant, and I should get some liposuction around my face and stuff,' she explains during her consultation.

Michelle agreed to the procedure, explaining that her original doctor was a 'board certified plastic surgeon.'

'Two days after he took the bandage off to see, and immediately there was a little lump here [on the right side of her chin]. And then there was a ball here [on the left side], and he said that was scar tissue and this [on the bottom right side of her chin], he wasn’t sure what this was,' she says.

Weighing her options: Dr. Paul Nassif reassures her that Dr. Dubrow is a talented surgeon and the reward will most-likely outweigh the risks

Struggle: Shannon has to decide if she is willing to risk losing her nipples by having a second surgery to fix her breasts

Dr. Dubrow stresses it's impossible to develop scar tissue in just a couple of days.

'Scar tissue does not form that quickly after surgery,' he tells the camera. 'If Michelle had a wound problem, it was because the surgical procedure reduced the blood supply to the overlying soft tissue and caused the tissue to die.'

The doctor ended up leaving Michelle with an even bigger scar on her face when he attempted to cut out the 'scar tissue.'

'He cut on the outside of your neck?' asks a stunned Dr. Nassif.

'This was the wrong procedure, the wrong approach, the wrong everything, to do to Michelle,' he says during his confessional. 'You don’t put scars in the outside of the face.'

Michelle goes on to say that her botched surgery isn't even the worst part of her shocking story.

'On my last post-op, my appointment was really early in the morning, and I was waiting in the parking lot in the back, and there’s this mini-van that pulls up right next to me. This guy opens the door, falls out, crawls over, and starts pulling on my door handle, and I noticed that it’s my doctor,' she recalls.

Consultation: During the episode, Dr. Dubrow and Dr. Nassif also meet with Michelle, a woman who was left scarring on her chin after a botched surgery

Nightmare: Michelle was left with lumps on her face after a botched chin surgery. She was left with an even bigger scar when her original doctor tried to fix his mistake

'Your doctor’s a drug addict,' Dr. Dubrow says bluntly, but the story doesn't end there.

'I rolled the window down, and was like, "Um, do you need something?" and he said, "Let me in." And I said, "Uhh…" and he said, "Just come inside, just come inside,"' she continues.

'He doesn’t have shoes on, his hair is a mess, and we get in the facility, and he said, "Help me get one of my white jackets."'

A baffled Dr. Nassif asks if it was just the two of them alone, and Michelle says it was initially, but then the rest of the staff started coming in.

'He said, "Never speak a word of this," and I said, "Okay,"' she recalls.

Dr. Dubrow believes Michelle's doctor abused his position and took advantage of his patient's trust in him.

'The doctor-patient relationship is one of the most sacred relationships in any profession,' he says. 'When a doctor tells you, "Don’t tell this to anybody," you understand, because of the basic power structure between the doctor and the patient, why Michelle didn’t run out the door, screaming.'

