https://www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2017/07/chrissy-metz-emmys-this-is-us

Condé Nast, Laura Bradle

Chrissy Metz Thinks Her Emmy Nomination Is “the Best Welcome-Back Gift Ever”

When asked how she feels about her Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series, Chrissy Metz responds pretty much how one would expect: “It hasn’t really sunken in,” she says.

“I’m so excited about the show being recognized, and all of the actors in other categories from the show,” Metz continued. “So I’m like, ‘Oh, right!’ It hasn’t sunken in, but it’s just overwhelmingly amazing to be recognized by your peers—especially when I revere so many of them.”

The best part? Thursday is her first day back on set as This Is Us Season 2 begins filming. “Isn’t that amazing?“ Metz says, audibly ecstatic. “This is the best welcome-back gift ever!”

As for what’s coming up in the NBC smash, the actress promises that fans will soon find out what, exactly, happened to Jack. (Milo Ventimiglia received his first Emmy nomination—for Lead Actor—on Thursday for the role.) Metz’s character, Kate, expressed guilt last season about her father’s death; apparently, she feels as though it’s her fault somehow. The cast has known the backstory for a while, Metz said, and soon, fans will, too.

“I don’t want to give away anything or potentially give away anything, but we’re going to find out really, really soon into the season about how it all unfortunately went down and the guilt that Kate has on her conscience, and why, and all of that,” Metz promised.

As for whether she or any of the cast feel pressure going into the second season of such a buzzy, beloved show, the actress said she tries to take things in stride and stay authentic—and, perhaps more importantly, vulnerable. That openness is, after all, what made her character—and perhaps the whole show—so popular with viewers in the first place. As Metz sees it, “We all have these ideas in our heads about what people think about us, which are so not true. And so we are always combatting what people think about us, and how we should make other people happy, and just like with Kate, she's living in the shadow of her brother and never feeling worthy of following her dreams and her passions. And so when people see that in a television show, and they see her trying to redeem herself and trying to take back her life and pursue her heart's desires, it really encourages other people to say, A., ‘I’m not alone,’ and B., ‘We’re all deserving of true happiness.’”

“We all feel inadequate in some way, and if we could just realize how special we are, we wouldn’t do that to one another,” Metz added. “And so I think that show is just really filling that gap and opening up people’s hearts and minds to feeling worthy, and self-love, and getting away from the shame of what we have or haven’t done in our relationships.”

The NBC dramedy rounded up 11 Emmy nominations—the highest for any broadcast drama. Sterling K. Brown, who plays Randall, will compete in the same category as Ventimiglia, and Ron Cephas Jones also earned a supporting actor nod for his performance as Randall’s biological father, William. Denis O’Hare’s guest performance as Jessie also earned a nomination, as did Brian Tyree Henry’s appearance as Ricky and Gerald McRaney’s as Dr. K. The show itself was also nominated for Outstanding Drama Series, as well as for casting, costumes, and makeup. If we needed a sign that broadcast networks can still compete for prestige and buzz in the age of Peak TV, this is as good an auspice as any.

