https://www.byrdie.com/quick-hairstyle-ideas

Faith Xue

3-Minute Hairstyles for When You're Running Late

Unless you’re a morning person bestowed with the gift of waking up gracefully and unperturbed, chances are high your a.m. routine may be more of the rushing variety. What’s the harm in just a few more glorious moments of slumber, after all? Well, for one, the state of your hair, which is usually a dead giveaway of a hurried, harried morning. Though model-off-duty strands are having a moment right now, there’s a fine line between artfully tousled and tousled by your pillow; luckily, you don’t have to sacrifice finesse the next time you press snooze (for the third time). Ahead, you’ll find seven quick and easy hairstyles that will take three minutes or less to execute—leaving more time for your sweet, sweet dreams.

Keep scrolling to see them all!

Triple Twisted Pony

Twist Me Pretty

Give your go-to low pony a chic update with this twisted, teased variation. Divide your hair into three sections—left, middle, and right—and then twist the middle section toward the right, pinning it in place. Twist the left section toward the right and pin in place, and then twist the right section toward the left and pin in place over the other two sections. Give it a little tease, and be on your way.

The Half-Up Knot

Treasures and Travels

It doesn’t get easier than this knotted half-updo. Take one two-inch section of hair on either side of your head and gather them together in the back. Twist the sections together as one, twist it into a knot, and then tuck the ends under and pin them in place.

Undone Braid

Refinery 29

A genius way to wear your curly hair down and out of your face, this hairstyle involves melding two french braids into one.

Braided Half-Crown

Barefoot Blonde

Braid a two-inch section of hair on either side of your face, and secure each end with a mini hair elastic (a spritz of Oribe Texturizing Spray, $46, won’t hurt either). Then, just cross each braid over the other and tuck the ends out of sight. Pin everything in place, and flaunt your princess-worthy hair just like Barefoot Blonde.

Double Mini Buns

Hair Romance

This easy hairstyle is perfect for medium-length curly hair. Split your hair into two sections, and curl each one into a mini bun. Pin them in place, and breeze out the door.

The Pineapple

Diversity in Film and TV

We’ve reported on the pineapple hairstyle before as a way to keep natural curls springy while you sleep, but it’s also a chic (and quick) way to wear your hair up during the daytime.

Cool-Girl Chignon

Justin Coit

Created by our own resident hair expert, Jen Atkin, this low bun is the cool girl’s version of a classic chignon.

Barette Bun

The easiest way to step up your hair game when you’re short on time? Add a hair accessory. We’re partial to this matte black barrette, or a diamond-studded phrase like the Kitsch X Justine Marjan Rhinestone Glam Bobby Pin ($29).

The Double-Knotted Pony

Les Èclaireuses

Before you start, know this: This hairstyle works best on those with fine, thin strands. Split your hair into two sections and tie them in a knot—then, just knot them again. Pin it all in place with a hairpin, and spray some hairspray to keep it from moving.

