https://www.complex.com/pop-culture/2018/08/issa-rae-ruined-chance-to-become-rihanna-friend

Victoria Johnson

Issa Rae Explains How She Ruined Her Chance to Become Rihanna's Friend

Issa Rae won a Peabody Award for her Emmy–nominated series Insecure. But even she gets a little tongue-tied in front of Rihanna.

On The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Rae explained she ran into Riri at the Met Gala. Although the two have already met, it didn't stop Rae from getting a bit flustered.

"I just saw her sitting at the table and I had had a few drinks," explained Rae around the 1:50 mark above. "So I was like 'Rihanna's over there, let me go say hi, she knows me, we homegirls.' And I went up to her and I was like, you know, tapped her. And she was so friendly and nice, I wasn't expecting that, and she was like 'Hey girl, good to see you!' And I was like 'Uh...oh...we're, uh...' and just excused myself and walked away. So any chance that we had to be best friends, I ruined it with my drunken nervousness, starstruck-ness."

This likely won't be the last time the two cross paths though since Rae is supposed to be writing a Twitter-conceived heist film starring Lupita Nyong'o and Rihanna. In the meantime, the two definitely have at least one thing in common—they've both been pursued by Drake. While RiRi made it clear she's not interested in the Toronto rapper, Rae once again stated she did not turn him down at the Golden Globes.

POST CONTINUES BELOW

"I was heading to the HBO party, as I should, and he [Drake] was leaving the HBO party. And so we crossed paths and he said the most magical words ever. He was like 'I've been looking for you all night.' And I was like 'You talking about me?' And he was like 'I'm about to go to this Netflix party, do you want to go?' And I was like 'Oh I have to go stop in the HBO party' because they're the network that puts my show on, I couldn't just ditch the party and go to Netflix party even though that's what I really wanted to do. So I was like 'I'll catch you at that party.' That was it. Then I went to the party and all of a sudden blogs were reporting that I turned him down which would never happen."

Luckily, that didn't stop Rae from turning up in Drake's "Nice for What" video alongside a ton of other famous women, which she called it a "dream come true."

POST CONTINUES BELOW

As for her critically-acclaimed HBO series Insecure, Rae told Colbert her mom stopped watching after a few racy scenes in season 2. Season 3 is slated to begin this Sunday at 10:30 p.m. with undoubtedly more scenes for Rae's mom to frown at.

