https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3635813/The-Bachelorette-s-Kaitlyn-Bristowe-sips-wine-bikini-fianc-Shawn-Booth.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

The Bachelorette's Kaitlyn Bristowe sips wine with fiancé Shawn Booth

Life as a contestant on The Bachelor is a packed schedule of cocktail parties and romantic sunsets.

And it seems The Bachelorette's Kaitlyn Bristowe and fiancé Shawn Booth are seeking to recreate that vibe with their latest jaunt - a fun-filled Hawaii vacation.

The fitness fanatics spent the day paddleboarding on Thursday, showing off their energetic sides as they took it in turns to guide their board around the ocean.

The party continues! The Bachelorette's Kaitlyn Bristowe sips wine in her bikini after paddleboarding with fiancé Shawn Booth in Hawaii on Thursday

Bottom's up! After working up a sweat under the sun, the pair headed back to the sandy beach, where they cooled off in the water with a well earned drink

Cooling off: While spin instructor Kaityn stuck to a large glass of white wine, personal trainer Shawn cooled off with an interesting bright blue iced cocktail

Kaitlyn, 30, showed off her trim and lithe figure in a blue bikini, while her hunky other half wore blue swim trunks.

After working up a sweat under the sun, the pair headed back to the sandy beach, where they cooled off in the water with a well earned drink.

While spin instructor Kaityn stuck to a large glass of white wine, personal trainer Shawn cooled off with an interesting bright blue iced cocktail.

Looking good: Kaitlyn, 30, showed off her trim and lithe figure in a blue bikini, while her hunky other half wore blue swim trunks

Using protection: The healthy pair made sure to frequently reapply their sunscreen

The couple, who celebrated their engagement ten months ago, have have moved into a Nashville home together since the show ended.

However both have made it clear that they are in no rush to get married.

'We only knew each other for 10 weeks before I proposed [on the show's July 27 finale],' Shawn explained back in February.

'We're both normal people and the most normal thing we can do is wait,' he told People magazine.

No slackers: The fitness fanatics spent the day paddleboarding on Thursday, showing off their energetic sides as they took it in turns to guide their board around the ocean

In great shape: As a spin instructor, the reality star is used to physical exercise

Working it out together: Shawn also joined Kaitlyn in the water

It's a sensible decision considering that of the 30 couples from The Bachelor/The Bachelorette franchise, only six have remained together.

However while they might not be ready to exchange vows, Kaitlyn still seems besotted with her choice.

'I love Shawn more now than the day he proposed. That was like a fantasy love. Now it's real,' she said.

'We call ourselves the Boothstowes. But when I get married, I'm going to take his name. I'm not a traditional person, but when it comes to that, I like the idea of being traditional. I think it's romantic.'

Co-habiting: The couple, who celebrated their engagement ten months ago, have have moved into a Nashville home together since the show ended

Waiting for the right time: Both have made it clear that they are in no rush to get married

Life in the spotlight: The ultra-fit reality stars - who bizarrely front Dunkin Donuts and 7-Eleven - fell in love on the 11th season of the spin-off after Kaitlyn placed third on ABC's The Bachelor

Canadian-born Bristowe added: 'We're very touchy feely. That's how we show our love. We grab each other's butts all the time!'

The ultra-fit reality stars - who bizarrely front Dunkin Donuts and 7-Eleven - fell in love on the 11th season of the spin-off after Kaitlyn placed third on ABC's The Bachelor.

Not board of each other yet? The pair headed into the ocean together

Intimate: There was time to chill out on a sunbed after their swim

In the accompanying People video, Shawn made a comment about how he doesn't let Kaitlyn walk his golden retriever Doodle because he 'weighs more' and is 'stronger' than her.

'I'm nervous that she might not be able to handle him if something happens. Have you seen these arms?' Connecticut-born Booth asked, motioning to his bride-to-be.

Bristowe returned his insult by pointing out that her 6ft2in beau - the owner/founder of Healthy Meal Plans - microwaves rice and can't chop onions correctly.

