https://www.allabouttrh.com/2017/07/27/lala-kent-just-made-peace-enemies-stassi-schroeder-katie-maloney/

Lara Sophia

Lala Kent Just Made Peace With Enemies Stassi Schroeder and Katie Maloney - The Real Housewives

Has hell frozen over?

Vanderpump Rules fans are in for one hell of a SURprise this season!

Sworn enemies Lala Kent, Stassi Schroeder, and Katie Maloney have not only been spotted hanging out together but seem to be enjoying each others company!

The shock and awe began when Brittany Cartwright posted a snap of herself, Lala, Stassi, and unknown friend. Even then many chalked it up to nothing.

However, fans jaws quickly dropped when they saw Stassi, Katie, and Lala all smiles and having fun together.

The VPR stars even bragged about enjoying each others company as they documented their shenanigans in Mexico.

“I’m cool with this?@stassischroeder,” Lala captioned a photo of her and Stassi before posing with Katie. “Tekilla bubba @musickillskate.”

Stassi and Lala even joked that Stassi signed Lala’s infamous non-disclosure agreement.

Meanwhile, Katie also made it clear that she and Lala have bonded, telling fans “This is a first… but hey, chemistry is chemistry. Also sprang tans are chemistry. Also, hello. Edit: “sprang tans” are a real.”

It doesn’t seem like everyone is happy about Lala, Katie, and Stassi making peace.

Jeremy Madix, who is rumored to be joining the VPR cast, commented “SMH” on one Lala’s photos making it obvious he’s not happy with the company Lala’s keeping.

For those of you that have been living under a rock Lala, Katie, and Stassi have spent the last two seasons of Vanderpump Rules feuding. In fact, one of the biggest issues between them was the accusation that Lala was dating a married man.

Now, it seems like it’s almost paradise for the VPR crew. Wonder how Scheana and Ariana are feeling about this truce.

Are you shocked that Stassi, Lala, and Katie have made peace? Do you think Lala, Katie, and Stassi’s new found friendship will last? How do you think Ariana and Scheana feel about Lala reconciling with Stassi and Katie? Are you excited for season 6 of VPR?

Follow AllAboutTRH On Instagram.

Follow AllAboutTRH On Twitter.

Like AllAboutTRH On Facebook.

Follow the AllAboutTRH Podcast on iTunes & Soundcloud – Remember to Rate, Comment & Subscribe!

