https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4731428/Justin-Bieber-cancels-tour-spiritual-awakening.html

Jabeen Waheed, Jabeen Waheed For Mailonline

Justin Bieber cancels tour due to 'spiritual awakening'

He reportedly made the unpopular decision of cancelling the rest of his world tour to 'start a church.'

And after denying religious reasons, fresh new claims have emerged of Justin Bieber, 23, experiencing a 'spiritual awakening' which has led to a 'new purpose' in his life other than music.

According to TMZ, the decision stems from his relationship with Hillsong Church founder Carl Lentz, which allowed him to reflect on his 'own view on the path in life he should be taking.'

Scroll down for video

New purpose? Fresh new claims have emerged of Justin Bieber experiencing a 'spiritual awakening' which caused him to cancel the remainder of his Purpose World Tour

While sources told the online publication that the church did not advocate the cancellation of his tour, it was mentioned: 'He made his decision based on spiritual soul-searching and his own view of the path in life he should be taking.'

The Canadian singer, who has an 'intense' relationship with Lentz, was also described as the 'Tom Cruise of that church.'

This comes after the What Do You Mean? singer denied that he cancelled his Purpose World Tour to start a church, simply telling TMZ on Tuesday: 'No, you already know the reason.'

The singer stepped out in Beverly Hills to grab a bite to eat at SugarFish restaurant where he was questioned by TMZ if he cancelled the concerts due to 'religious reasons'.

According to TMZ: The decision stems from his relationship with Hillsong Church founder Carl Lentz, which allowed him to reflect on the 'own view on the path in life he should be taking'

Leaving music behind? While sources told the online publication that the church did not advocate the cancellation of his tour, it was mentioned: 'He made his decision based on spiritual soul-searching and his own view of the path in life he should be taking'

The scandalised celebrity kept it casual while getting lunch at the popular sushi spot.

The 23-year-old sported a plain, white T-shirt that exposed the partial sleeves of tattoos etched on his arms.

The A-lister paired the simple garment with colourful, leaf-patterned basketball shorts that boasted overly-long drawstrings and flashed his toned legs.

The Canada native completed the eccentric ensemble with color-blocked white, yellow, and blue socks that reached the middle of his calves.

The bright fabric stretched up from underneath a pair of black sneakers.

The Canadian singer, who has an 'intense' relationship with Lentz, was also described as the 'Tom Cruise of that church'

'No!': The singer stepped out in Beverly Hills to grab a bite to eat at SugarFish restaurant where he was questioned by TMZ if he cancelled the concerts due to 'religious reasons'

Trading stadiums for sushi: The singer appeared unbothered as he grabbed lunch at SugarFish in Beverly Hills

The blonde didn't appear visibly guilty or upset on the outing, despite having just cancelled the final 14 shows of his Purpose World Tour.

On Monday, the crooner announced he would not be finishing the remainder of his scheduled stadium shows in a statement on his website.

'Due to unforeseen circumstances, Justin Bieber will cancel the remainder of the Purpose World Tour concerts. Justin loves his fans and hates to disappoint them. He thanks his fans for the incredible experience of the Purpose World Tour over last 18 months. He is grateful and honored to have shared that experience with his cast and crew for over 150 successful shows across 6 continents during this run. However, after careful consideration he has decided he will not be performing any further dates. Tickets will be refunded at point of purchase,' management wrote.

Abrupt ending: The performer pulled the plug on the rest of his Purpose World Tour due to 'unforeseen circumstances'

Too late to say sorry?: Members of the tour crew are upset because they received no warning and no explanation before the star put 200 people out of work

This comes after Australia's Channel Nine entertainment guru Richard Wilkins has claimed that the real reason Bieber decided to step off the tour bus was that he wanted to 'reconnect with his faith' and possibly start his own church.

Appearing on Today Extra on Tuesday, Richard said that he had cleaned the 'exclusive' information from an inside, unnamed source.

'I am led to believe that the real reason he has come off the road is because he wants to reconnect with his faith and he may be even planning to start his own church,' Richard claimed on air.

Catching up: Justin was spotted chatting with pastor Carl Lentz on Tuesday outside Mastro's Steakhouse while out for dinner in Beverly Hills

Shortly after, a source told TMZ that Justin actually cancelled the shows because of religion.

He has reportedly 'rededicated his life to Christ,' according to a source connected to Hillsong Church in Los Angeles.

Over the past few months, Selena Gomez's ex has become very close with Hillsong pastor Carl Lentz.

And in his Instagram bio, Justin links to a sermon by Miami pastor Rich Wilkerson Jr., as opposed to one of his music videos or his songs on iTunes.

Real reason?: Reports circulated that the singer, shown in March in Brazil, axed his last 14 stadium shows due to exhaustion

While Justin's original statement didn't elaborate on these 'unforeseen circumstances,' and insider told People the performer was 'super exhausted' from his hectic tour schedule.

TMZ is reporting that Justin's tour crew was completely blindsided by the sudden move, saying that no warning nor explanation were given before the announcement that put 200 people out of work.

After news got out, the star told TMZ that 'everything's fine.'

Donning a grey T-shirt and lighter sweatpants while talking to a paparazzo, he took the opportunity to apologize to his fans.

'I love you guys. I think you guys are awesome. I'm sorry for anybody who feels disappointed or betrayed. It's not my heart, or anything. Have a blessed day,' he said.

Letting the manager handle it... Scooter Braun took to Instagram to issue a lengthy apology

His manager, Scooter Braun, took to Instagram to issue a lengthier apology to his client's horde of Beliebers.

'To the fans from all over the world who took part over the last 16 months over 6 continents thank you. To Justin who gave it his all night after night thank you. And to those that won't be able to see it... on behalf of myself, Justin, and the team, we are sorry,' he captioned a shot of the Purpose World Tour stage.

'That was never our intent. But a man's soul and well being I truly care about came first and We must all respect and honor that. Justin will be back and I know he looks forward to performing for you and with you all again. One chapter ends and another begins. Thank you again. Now please stop commenting on all my other photos that have nothing to do with this :) just kidding....but I'm not. Jokes aside your support for Justin is inspiring. Cheers,' he continued.

A new purpose?: The pop star reportedly cancelled the rest of his tour because he has 'rededicated his life to Christ'

