https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4741180/Bachelorette-Rachel-Lindsay-skips-engagement-party.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay skips out on engagement party

Rachel Lindsay bailed on her own engagement party.

On Friday, the lawyer's Bachelor Nation girl squad hit the beach in Punta Cana to celebrate her upcoming nuptials.

But the Bachelorette was nowhere to be seen, with a source telling E! News that the bride-to-be didn't even make her flight on Thursday.

Where's Rachel?: Rachel Lindsay bailed on her own engagement party (pictured July 2017)

Party on: The Bachelorette missed her flight for the Punta Cana getaway planned in honor of her pending nuptials

The reality star's Bachelor besties Raven Gates, Astrid Loch, Danielle Lombard, Alexis Waters, Jasmine Goode, and Sarah Vendal are enjoying some fun in the sun at Hard Rock Punta Cana in honor of Rachel's future wedding.

'She somehow didn't make it on her flight yesterday,' the insider explained.

'No one has any idea what's going on. She was supposed to be there. It's her trip. But at the last minute she didn't show up,' the confidante continued.

In the Texas native's absence, the other girls have been living it up in the Dominican Republic, sharing sunny snaps on Instagram.

Girl group: The lawyer would have joined her Bachelor Nation besties at Hard Rock Punta Cana

Having fun without her: L-R Raven Gates, Alexis Waters, Astrid Loch, Danielle Lombard, Jasmine Goode and Sarah Vendal

Party time! The ladies posed in their bikinis despite the guest of honor not being with them

In the caption of one sandy shot, Alexis teased the guest of honor's blatant absence.

'Celebrating @therachlindsay engagement without @therachlindsay #hardrockpuntacana,' she wrote.

With or without Rachel, the girls will enjoy an all-inclusive stay at the resort, including free alcohol, over a dozen pools, and nine eateries, according to E!.

'No one has any idea what's going on': The ABC alum was a no-show at the airport (pictured July 2017)

But the getaway in paradise isn't only a girls' trip.

'Jack Stone, Adam Gottschalk, and Iggy Rodriguez are coming to meet up with the girls later in the weekend,' the source said, adding that will be a girls-only trip for the first two days.

The girl group is celebrating the stunner's upcoming wedding a few weeks shy of The Bachelorette season finale.

Who will she choose?: Rachel's remaining suitors are Bryan Abasolo (left), Eric Bigger (center), and Peter Krauss (right)

On August 7, Rachel will select which of the remaining three suitors she'd like to spend the rest of her life with.

Bryan Abasolo, Eric Bigger, and Peter Krauss are still in the running for the beauty's heart.

And even though she wasn't joining her gal pals in Punta Cana on Friday, Rachel did show up last weekend to ring in Raven's birthday.

The lovely ladies dressed to impress while attending the brunette's big bash at Avenue in Los Angeles.

'Birthday Weekend with my girls,' Raven captioned a group shot.

