https://www.beautycrew.com.au/miranda-kerr-pimple-treatment-may-not-work-for-you

Kate Niven, Beauty Crew

Why you shouldn’t try Miranda Kerr’s go-to pimple treatment

It is an undeniable fact that Miranda Kerr has incredible skin. Not only is it always glowing and radiant, but her pores are virtually non-existent, she has an even skin tone and she doesn’t seem to have had a pimple in years.

So, it is understandable that when the model and founder of skin care brand KORA Organics shared her top skin care tips with Teen Vogue, including the product she uses to clear her blemishes overnight, we were all ears.

According to the model, facial oils are her go-to when confronted with a surprise pimple. “If I’m having a breakout, I like to balance the pH of my skin with my Noni Glow Oil. I find that really helps, even with treating it overnight. I put it on after cleansing, misting, exfoliating and moisturising,” she said.

While we’re not debating the effectiveness the oil has on Miranda’s skin, we wanted to check in with a skin care expert to find out if facial oils can work as an effective pimple treatment for the rest of us. And if the advice from Bryan Barron Director of Research and Content at Paula’s Choice, is anything to go by, it isn’t good news.

In fact, Barron says, “While some people report success using oils to banish breakouts, mounds of research has shown that gently removing excess oil and controlling acne-causing bacteria with benzoyl peroxide, and using a leave-on exfoliant with salicylic acid is a proven, reliable approach for acne at any age.”

Ultimately, while facial oils are a vital addition in any skin care routine as they work wonders to nourish, plump and hydrate the skin, using them as a pimple treatment may not deliver the same results as the proven acne treatment duo of benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid.

Want more information on facial oils? Then click here to find out why you need one, where it fits into your routine and why your standard olive oil just won’t do.

Do you use facial oils regularly in your skin care routine? If so, share your favourite oil in the comments section below.

Image credit: @mirandakerr

