https://celebrity.nine.com.au/2017/08/10/06/34/chris-pratt-wrote-forword-anna-farris-book-unqualified



Chris Pratt wrote the foreword to Anna Faris' new book before announcing separation

Chris Pratt wrote the foreword to Anna Faris' upcoming memoir Unqualified before announcing their separation.

The book is slated for an October release and delves into Anna, 40, and Chris' impromptu marriage in Bali, the birth of their son Jack, 4, and how they managed to get through a tumultuous time of Hollywood gossip.

And Chris, 38, writes fondly of his wife of eight years.

"She is fierce and very loyal, she rarely punishes people. But when she does, it’s powerful and terrifying, and when it’s over, it’s really over. (Power and terror are acceptable in a partner but absolutely necessary in a mother, as far as I’m concerned)," The opening pages, obtained by Entertainment Weekly, read. "And she does mother very well, both our son, Jack, and me, when needed."

Part of the memoir discusses Hollywood gossip and jealousy.



Image: Getty

Anna reveals that she feels jealousy when Chris has an on-screen kiss with an another actress, though she has learned to befriend them instead of stirring a dramatic situation. She says it's in a genuine way and not in a "frenemy" way.

Similarly, Chris felt jealous when Anna filmed scenes with Chris Evans in the 2011 film What's Your Number?, though they later became friends and Marvel colleagues.

According to Entertainment Weekly, an entire chapter of Unqualified details every sweet thing Chris does for Anna, including, "braiding her hair, writing poems and letters by hand from international locations, sending flowers to the set of Mom every Friday before the show tapes, and giving her thoughtful, and unexpected gifts."

Related: Everything we know about Chris Pratt and Anna Faris' split so far: loneliness, cheating rumours, Trump, and money issues

Chris and Anna announced their separation on Sunday.

Taking to their respective social media accounts the pair posted an almost identical statement calling time on their time together.

"Anna and I are sad to announce we are legally separating," Chris wrote on Facebook. "We tried hard for a long time, and we’re really disappointed. Our son has two parents who love him very much and for his sake we want to keep this situation as private as possible moving forward."

