https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4668922/Kylie-Jenner-refusing-discuss-dating-life-new-show.html

Ross Mcdonagh, Ross Mcdonagh For Dailymail.Com

Kylie Jenner refusing to discuss Tyga on Life of Kylie

Kylie Jenner reportedly doesn't want to talk about her love life on her new reality show Life Of Kylie, which will debut in August.

The 19-year-old reality icon has refused to discuss her ex Tyga (who has a son with Blac Chyna) or her new beau Travis Scott, according to a report from Life & Style.

The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star only wants her spinoff to be about her businesses and her social media presence, it was claimed.

Schtum: Kylie Jenner is reportedly refusing to discuss dating life for her new show Life Of Kylie

Network executives are now panicking after test audiences found the show too boring.

'When the show was announced in April, the network had agreed to follow Kylie's life, meaning her personal life as well,' and insider claimed.

'But when it came time to shoot, Kylie only wanted to document her business and her life on social media. She refused to talk about her dating life.'

The source claimed that E!'s top brass are worried the show is 'going to be a disaster.'

Goss: Kylie famously dated rapper Tyga on and off since late 2014, splitting most recently in April of this year

Next: She has since moved on with Travis Scott; seen here in April

'Based on what they've seen so far, they fear they have a real dog on their hands,' the insider revealed.

'It's been testing poorly, even with die-hard Kylie fans. They're not finding her interesting enough to watch for an entire episode.

'Kylie comes across as dull and wooden. There just isn't enough drama,' the added.

Kylie famously dated rapper Tyga on and off since late 2014, splitting most recently in April of this year.

Boo hoo: Kylie was seen crying in her car in E!'s teaser for the show

Big night: She also revealed she was 'f**king nervous' about attending the Met Gala

The relationship brought an extra layer of complication when Tyga's baby momma Blac Chyna had another child with Kylie's older half brother Rob Kardashian.

She has since been dating Travis Scott. Before Tyga, Kylie also dated Jaden Smith.

But without discussing her love life, producers are reportedly scrambling for ways to make in interesting, including the introduction of her sister Kim Kardashian.

'But Kylie is resisting,' the insider said. 'It's her show, and she doesn't want it to be about Kim or anyone else.'

