https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4290784/Reese-Witherspoon-Ava-twins-lunch.html

Sarah Jones, Sarah Jones For Dailymail.Com

Reese Witherspoon and Ava could be twins as they get lunch

Reese Witherspoon is known for being an ageless beauty.

And the 40-year-old A-lister proved her age-defying looks even more so when she stepped out for lunch in Santa Monica with teen daughter Ava, 17, on Tuesday.

The Wild star and her eldest appeared as though they could be twin sisters while grabbing a bite at Blue Plate with their adorable French bulldog Pepper.

Scroll down for video

Midday meal: Reese Witherspoon stepped out with daughter Ava, 17, for lunch at Blue Plate in Santa Monica on Tuesday

The Academy Award-winning actress donned the Dunaway Vines top from her own southern-inspired Draper James line which retails for $195.

She teamed the feminine printed blouse with dark denim jeans that encased her slender pins.

A pair of dark shades sat neatly on her nose and shielded her piercing blue eyes from the southern California rays.

Mother-daughter doppelgangers! The 40-year-old actress proved her age-defying looks and appeared as though she could have been twins with her teen daughter

Her own best advert! The Academy Award-winning actress donned the Dunaway Vines top from her own southern-inspired Draper James line which retails for $195

The Walk The Line actress swept her signature golden blonde tresses up in a relaxed bun and skipped the cosmetics, allowing her natural beauty to shine through.

Reese's first child from her marriage to ex-husband, Ryan Phillippe, 42, went with a laid-back look for her afternoon outing.

Ava opted for a bright yellow sweatshirt with loose-fitting cuffed jeans and white sneakers.

Natural beauty: The Walk The Line actress swept her signature golden blonde tresses up in a relaxed bun and skipped the cosmetics, allowing her flawless complexion to shine through

She matched her mom's hairstyle and also went fresh-faced which showcased her flawless complexion.

Reese also shares son Deacon, 13, with Ryan, who she tied the knot with in 1999 until the couple divorced in 2007.

In 2011 the Legally Blonde star married Creative Artists Agency's head of motion picture talent, Jim Toth, and the couple welcomed their son, Tennessee, four, in September 2012.

Laid-back look: Ava opted for a bright yellow sweatshirt with loose-fitting cuffed jeans and white sneakers

Meanwhile the busy actress, who is making waves with HBO's newest drama Big Little Lies, recently sat down with People about her animated film Sing and opened up about her children.

She told the outlet: 'I have three kids of my own - sometimes it feels like 25,' when comparing her life to her animated character Rosita.

'But the idea that you were a person before you were a mom, and that sometimes you really hope that your kids know who you are as an individual.'

