https://www.intouchweekly.com/posts/joy-anna-duggar-gives-birth-154574/

Megan Heintz

Joy-Anna Duggar Gives Birth: Details on Her First Child With Husband Austin Forsyth

Party of three! Joy-Anna Duggar, 20, and her husband, Austin Forsyth, 24, welcomed their little one into the world on Feb. 23, the couple confirmed to People.

"We are blessed beyond measure with the arrival of our son, Gideon Martyn Forsyth," the couple told the mag. "Looking at our child for the first time was such an incredible moment! God is so good, and we are so thankful." He was born at 3:39 p.m., measured 22 inches long, and weighed 10 pounds, 3 ounces.

For months, rumors had been swirling that the duo — who tied the knot in May — engaged in premarital sex. However, some fans defended the couple. "Her due date is on Feb. 22, 2017, her conception date was on June 1st, 2017, and her wedding was on May 27, 2017. If anyone have [sic] doubt just check on Google reverse conception date," one person wrote before another added, "This would have happened most likely wedding night. May 26th. Like I said during the first week."

Back in August, the couple announced they were expecting in a sweet post on Instagram. "Austin and I are SO thankful to announce that we are parents!! Even before we were married we prayed that God would give us children and we are so blessed that he has given us this baby! Jesus is the giver of Life! The baby has arms, legs, fingers, and toes. It has a beating heart and brain waves. The baby responds to touch and is already right- or left-handed. The baby has its own unique fingerprints, which are different from anyone else's. All organ systems are in place!" They ended the sweet post with a Bible verse.

These two are already the best parents!

Counting On returns Monday, Feb. 26 on TLC.

Love the Duggars? Be sure to join our Duggars Facebook group to chat about all the latest updates and juicy gossip!

Joy-Anna Duggar didn't always think Austin was baby daddy material — watch the video below for more details!

