https://www.upi.com/Taylor-Swift-fights-Andy-Samberg-in-ATT-DirecTV-ad/8001504807341/

Annie Martin

Taylor Swift fights Andy Samberg in AT&T-DirecTV ad

Stephen Kramer Glickman, Katie Crown and Andy Samberg (L-R) attend the Los Angeles premiere of "Storks" on September 17, 2016. File Photo by Jim Ruymen/UPI | License Photo

Taylor Swift attends the Costume Institute Benefit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 2, 2016. File Photo by John Angelillo/UPI | License Photo

Andy Samberg attends the Primetime Emmy Awards on September 18, 2016. File Photo by Christine Chew/UPI | License Photo

Taylor Swift attends the BMI Pop Awards on May 10, 2016. File Photo by Phil McCarten/UPI | License Photo

Sept. 7 (UPI) -- Taylor Swift battles actor Andy Samberg in a new ad for AT&T-DirecTV.

The 27-year-old singer takes on the 39-year-old Brooklyn Nine-Nine star, gobbles cookie dough and returns to the studio in the commercial for Taylor Swift NOW.

The ad follows a fictional day in Swift's life, including her "unbelievable choreographed fight sequence" with Samberg. The pair previously collaborated on a skit for a 2014 episode of Saturday Night Live.

"Such a taxing day when they're like 'eat some cookie dough' and you're like 'ok I'll make this sacrifice for my art,' Swift captioned a behind-the-scenes video from the commercial's shoot.

‪Such a taxing day when they're like 'eat some cookie dough' and you're like 'ok I'll make this sacrifice for my art' go.att.com/tsnbts1 A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift) on Sep 7, 2017 at 8:03am PDT

Taylor Swift NOW is a curated video catalog available to AT&T customers via the company's DirecTV Now streaming service. Swift signed a multi-year deal with AT&T in October for future performances and content.

"We're thrilled to reach a deal to bring Taylor and her unique talents to her fans and our customers in new and exclusive ways," AT&T entertainment group CEO John Stankey said at the time.

Swift will release her sixth studio album, Reputation, on Nov. 10, which includes the single "Look What You Made Me Do."

