https://hellogiggles.com/news/prince-charles-transition-to-king-might-already-be-in-the-works/

P. Claire Dodson

Prince Charles’ transition to king might already be in the works, and here’s what we know

Image zoom Max Mumby / Indigo / Getty

We just might start seeing Prince Charles play a bigger role in royal events. According to E! and the U.K.’s The Times, the prince’s staff is reportedly planning his transition to king. It’s all part of a bigger plan called “Project 70.” We love hearing royal family news, so we’re all ears. (Hey, even the real queen watches The Crown.)

Project 70 refers to Prince Charles becoming king by his 70th birthday.

That’s not too far away — Prince Charles turns 70 on November 14, 2018. According to The Times, his staff is “keen to ‘accelerate’ plans to increase his involvement in key royal events” by then.

Here’s what that involvement might look like, according to The Times.

"Prince Charles's team is thought to want him to be more involved in occasions such as the Royal Maundy service. [This is] when the monarch distributes alms to pensioners on the day before Good Friday, and in Commonwealth events."

The idea of Queen Elizabeth not being the queen is practically unimaginable. But she is 91 years old, after all. And Prince Charles has been the heir apparent since February 1952, when Elizabeth became queen.

So far these reports have been denied by Clarence House, the royal residence of Charles, Prince of Wales.

But tension has reportedly been afoot amongst our favorite royals.

Rumor has it that Prince Charles affected the decision to fire the Queen’s private secretary, Sir Christopher Geidt. This reportedly added to the tension between Clarence House and Buckingham place.

The two presented a statement that reads:

"At the time of the announcement, the lord chamberlain paid tribute to the major contribution made by Sir Christopher, who in turn commended the support offered to Her Majesty by other members of the royal family. Recent years have seen an ever-closer working relationship between all the different royal households and their respective teams... Beyond that, we are not going to engage with a story based on rumours from unnamed sources."

Right now the tension seems like a lot of rumors and conjecture. Either way, it makes sense that some plans are in place for Charles. With November 14th, 2018 in mind, it should be an interesting year across the pond.

