https://www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2017/09/emmys-2017-sean-spicer-stephen-colbert-monologue

Condé Nast, Laura Bradle

Colbert Found a Secret Weapon to Irk Trump at the Emmys: Sean Spicer

Was there ever any doubt that Stephen Colbert would use his platform at the Emmys to knock Donald Trump? The comedian has mercilessly jabbed at the president since the campaign trail, honing his voice as David Letterman’s replacement on The Late Show with Trump as his perennial punching bag. (He even got him to respond once.) So on Sunday night, as he approached the lectern to kick off the 2017 Emmy Awards gala, Colbert naturally used his platform to rip the president. There was one surprise, however: a guest appearance by Sean Spicer.

For his opening act, Colbert did a song-and-dance number running through various shows up for Emmys this year, including This Is Us, Stranger Things, and The Handmaid’s Tale. The chorus? “Everything is better on TV”—including, in a slightly more veiled jab at Trump, “treason.” Once he finally took the stage—along with a chorus of dancing Handmaids—Colbert thanked first responders for their work following hurricanes in Texas and Florida. After that, however, he didn’t take long to get to the Trump jokes: “If he had won an Emmy,” Colbert quipped, “I bet he never would have run for president. So in a way, this is your fault. I thought you people loved morally compromised antiheroes. You liked Walter White; he’s just Walter, much whiter.”

“Unlike the presidency,” Colbert added, “Emmys go to the winner of the popular vote.”

Still, Colbert couldn’t leave the stage without finding some special way to hit the president where it really hurts. So he brought out his secret weapon: Sean Spicer.

Although he stayed mostly on message during his recent appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live and avoided dinging the president, Spicer did appear on stage Sunday night behind a lectern to comment on the TV Academy gala’s crowd size: “This is the biggest audience to witness an Emmys, period,” Spicer said with a straight face. “Both in person and around the world.”

“Wow,” Colbert said, “that really soothes my fragile ego. Give it up for Melissa McCarthy, everybody.”

In the room, there was an abundance of shock and a bit of confusion, as some celebrities tried to figure out if the man on stage was the real Spicer. Some seemed unsure if they should laugh.

Will the president respond? We’ll keep our eyes on his Twitter account while we’re not frantically analyzing tonight’s wins and snubs—although we have a feeling whatever response Trump has, it likely won’t come before two in the morning.

Additional reporting by Josh Duboff and Rebecca Keegan.

