http://www.hauteresidence.com/ryan-reynolds-and-blake-livelys-pastoral-new-york-paradise/



Ryan Reynolds And Blake Lively’s Pastoral New York Paradise

Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively stay busy. Ryan’s sequel to the wildly successful Deadpool franchise drops more wisecracking mayhem into theatres everywhere next week.

Blake continues to act in films while being a health and style icon for legions of fans. The mother of two consistently looks fabulous whether in $2 million worth of jewels at the Met Gala or strolling home in her sneakers from a Westchester gym.

When they do manage to escape the seemingly endless press junkets and paparazzi shutterfests, Ryan and Blake recoup and re-center their family on 1.8 acres of a bucolic garden estate in Pound Ridge, NY.

When Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively enjoy the country life, they’re not cleaning chicken coops and milking dairy cows. Picture Martha Stewart cottage living. Seriously, Martha is actually the couple’s neighbor and a homemaker mentor to Blake.

The glamorous couple purchased the 4,753-square-foot home that sits an hour’s drive from Midtown Manhattan in 2012 for $2.35 million. Maybe it had something to do with the two pink dogwoods perfectly framing the home’s sunny yellow sloping peak that sealed the deal.

There’s plenty of luxury details built into this country house. Two private dressing rooms off the master, french doors leading out to a covered porch, a custom stone terrace overlooking the water, and a two-bedroom guest suite, are just some of the unique features that give this place its character.

The lush grounds provide amazing views of the Cross River Reservoir during the day, while Ryan and Blake can cozy up to one of the three fireplaces spread out over gleaming hardwoods on those chilly upstate nights.

Blake Lively is unashamedly domestic–her Instagram will attest to the fact that she uses every inch of her country kitchen to whip up tasty home-style family feasts.

Ryan is much more toned-down in real life than the Deadpool character he plays. After months of acting the part of a sarcastic superhero, he probably welcomes the breathing space his spacious house and sprawling yard provide. That is until neighbor Ralph Lauren pops by to borrow some curry-ketchup.

Locals describe Ryan and Blake as being “really nice” as they shop together in town for homemade goods or appear at chef Jean‑Georges’ The Inn at Pound Ridge for some farm-to-table cuisine.

Three years ago, when Blake still maintained a website called Preserve, dedicated to all things handmade and local in Bedford, she explained to Vogue her reason for wanting to move to a more rural area. “People want things with meaning. I know that because I want that.”

Meaningful is a great word to describe the stylish yet substantial life that Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively have curated for themselves.

Photos from realtor.com

