https://getleashedmag.com/2018/03/20/lisa-vanderpump-mourns-the-death-of-her-beloved-pink-dog/



Lisa Vanderpump Mourns The Death Of Her Beloved “Pink Dog”

The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star says goodbye to her Pomeranian

By Catalina Barrios

It’s incredible how attached we become to our pets. The relationship builds slowly over time as we share moments of laughter, sadness, and quiet companionship. The memories shared with a dog will be unforgettable. Even though you know from the start that you will outlive your furry friend, the day your dog dies will be one of the hardest of your life.

Over the past year, there have been so many celebrity pet losses. With each one, our hearts have ached.

Lisa Vanderpump, of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills was in tears in a recent episode. The reason for this was the loss of her adorable Pomeranian, “Pink Dog”. The reality star is known for her passion for the color pink as much as for her dedication to serving dog charities. Pink Dog regularly had her white fur tinted pink with food coloring.

Credit: Bravo / The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills

During the episode, Lisa met with her friends, animal activists Kyle Richards and Teddi Mellencamp Arroyave, to talk about Pink Dog’s passing. The Pomeranian was approximately 5-years old and died suddenly, last September, from a heart attack.

“We are devastated to see you go so suddenly…you were such a happy dog and we will miss you so much. We love you,” said Lisa after her Pomeranian passed away.

Lisa tells Kyle and Teddi: “Pink Dog was a happy, little, pink dog. And she just had a heart attack and died. My dogs are like my little furry children. I don’t want to cry. Can we stop now?”

Lisa said her husband, Ken Todd, tried to save the pooch by giving CPR, but it was too late.

Credit: Facebook / Vanderpump Dogs

The Vanderpump Rules star has more than 25 pets including Giggy, a Pomeranian and frequent costar, and Schnooky, the LoveDog. She also has turtles, swans and mini horses. In 2016, Lisa, who is an animal advocate, founded the non-profit organization, The Vanderpump Dog Foundation, and has fought to end the dog meat trade in Asia. Last year, Lisa and Ken opened their own rescue center in Los Angeles called The Vanderpump Dog Center.

Stay strong, Lisa. Pink Dog will be protecting you from heaven. Rest in Peace “Pink Dog”!

