https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4978710/Kate-Hudson-recalls-Goldie-Hawn-wearing-lingerie-party.html

Sameer Suri, Sameer Suri For Dailymail.Com

Kate Hudson recalls Goldie Hawn wearing lingerie at party

She's the daughter of timeless movie star Goldie Hawn.

But Kate Hudson has joked that having a super-star as a mother wasn't always plain sailing when she was a teenager during a hilarious appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Thursday night.

The actress, 38, threw a house party behind Goldie's back when she was a teenager - only for Goldie, 71, to arrive home unexpectedly wearing lingerie, much to the shock of Kate's friends.

Party crasher! Kate Hudson has joked that having a super-star, actress Goldie Hawn, as a mother wasn't always plain sailing when she was a teenager

Kate, now a mother of two sons herself, told show host Jimmy Kimmel of the incident: 'Well, we thought our parents were out of town. We were old - we were a little bit old - we were teens - you know, late teens.

'My parents like to party. You know, they're very open, open-door type of family, and so that's how we felt as teenagers. We were like, "Guys, parents are out of town. Come on over".

'We thought it was gonna be like 20 people, but 50 of our friends were at the house, and we're having a blast - and all of a sudden, the door flings open, and it's my mother.'

She giggled, before trailing off: 'Everything just stopped. And she was in a negligee, which was really...'

Plenty of laughs: The Almost Famous star made a hilarious appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Thursday to plug her book Pretty Fun: Creating And Celebrating A Lifetime Of Tradition

Uh oh! The actress, 38, threw a house party behind Goldie's back when she was a teen - only for Goldie, 71, to arrive home unexpectedly wearing lingerie, much to the shock of her friends

'And she looked around, like, really, as you would think she would in one of her films, just like looking around,' said Kate, narrowing her eyes and impersonating the glare.

'And she goes to the lights and she turns the lights way down, and she goes, "Kids, lighting is everything". And then she left! And everybody was like, "Your mom is so cool!"'

Meanwhile, Kate and her brother Oliver Hudson, 41, who is three years her senior, were left worrying about the impending consequences after throwing the party without permission.

She joked: 'We were literally like, "No, it's gonna be so bad in the morning".'

'She was in a negligee!' Kate, now a mother of two sons herself, admitted she was left a little red-faced by the incident (pictured with Goldie in February 2016)

The Almost Famous actress was on the chat show on Thursday night to plug her book Pretty Fun: Creating And Celebrating A Lifetime Of Tradition, which is released on October 31.

Kate is biologically the daughter of Goldie's ex-husband Bill Hudson, 67, but she refers to Kurt Russell - whom the legendary actress has been with since 1983 - as 'Pa'.

The star also discussed shaving her head earlier this year for her role in Sia's directorial debut, in which she stars alongside Maddie Ziegler.

Enlisting the help of her son Bingham, six, and Sia, 41, herself, Kate joked that she 'started to panic' when she actually realized what she was letting herself in for.

Oops: Kate and her brother Oliver Hudson, 41, who is three years her senior, were left worrying about the impending consequences after throwing the party without permission

New look: The star also discussed shaving her head earlier this year for her role in Sia's directorial debut, in which she stars alongside Maddie Ziegler

Family resemblance: Goldie and Kate pictured in New York City together in 1997; the year Kate turned 18 and her mother turned 52

She said: 'I didn’t think about it because it was the role. And then as we were shaving it and Bing, my little one, and Sia were doing the honors of shaving the head…

'I didn’t think about it until it started, "Oh, what is the shape of my head going to look like?" And then I started to panic. And Sia was like, "I know it’s going to be round! I know it!"'

As well as son Bingham, who Kate raises with rocker ex Matt Bellamy, 39, she is also a mother to son Ryder, 13, with ex-husband, British musician Chris Robinson, 50.

Kate went public with beau Danny Fujikawa in March; the musician was singer and guitarist in Los Angeles-based band Chief Danny before going on to co-found independent record label, Lightwave Records.

