https://www.upi.com/Jennifer-Lopez-Alex-Rodriguez-raise-35-million-for-Puerto-Rico/1041508331708/

Annie Martin

Jennifer Lopez, Alex Rodriguez raise $35 million for Puerto Rico

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez attend the Floyd Mayweather, Jr., vs. Conor McGregor fight on August 26. File Photo by James Atoa/UPI | License Photo

Jennifer Lopez (R) and Alex Rodriguez helped secure $26 million for hurricane victims before raising another $9 million at a concert Saturday with Marc Anthony. File Photo by John Angelillo/UPI | License Photo

Oct. 18 (UPI) -- Celebrity couple Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez have raised $35 million for Puerto Rico disaster relief.

The 48-year-old singer and 42-year-old retired MLB player helped secure $26 million for victims of Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria before raising another $9 million during a benefit concert Saturday with Lopez's ex-husband, Marc Anthony, according to Entertainment Tonight.

Lopez and Rodriguez personally raised $26 million in corporate pledges and donations from the business, sports and entertainment industries prior to their One Voice: Somos Live! concert with Anthony. The remaining money came in during the telecast.

"With the disasters and tragedies befalling us almost weekly, and the swirling negativity dividing our country, it was gratifying to see people of all ages, races and backgrounds come together to support and help those in need," Lopez said in a statement. "Alex and I were amazed by the amount of love, unity and donations that were received."

"It's bee an incredibly difficult time for the people in Puerto Rico and the Caribbean," Rodriguez added. "These people were the first to answer our call to help with this cause. We are profoundly grateful to them and all those who came together to make a difference."

One Voice: Somos Life! took place in both Miami and Los Angeles, and featured performances by Lopez, Anthony, Daddy Yankee, Demi Lovato, Ricky Martin, Gwen Stefani and Maroon 5, according to Us Weekly. Lopez thanked fans for their contributions in a post Sunday.

"Thank you for everyone who tuned in and donated...30 million and counting!! We are so grateful!! We are One Voice #somoslive #lovewins," she captioned a photo of herself with Rodriguez.

Thank you for everyone who tuned in and donated...30 million and counting!! We are so grateful!! We are One Voice #somoslive #lovewins❤️ A post shared by Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on Oct 15, 2017 at 11:28am PDT

Lopez previously pledged $1 million of her personal money in September to aid hurricane victims. She performed Tuesday at a Tidal benefit concert in Brooklyn, N.Y., hosted by rapper Jay-Z.

