http://www.bravotv.com/the-real-housewives-of-new-jersey/season-9/blogs/jennifer-aydin/jennifer-aydin-its-all-in-the-kiss



Jennifer Aydin: "It's All in the Kiss"

Hello, fellow Bravoholic’s!

I’m Jennifer and so happy to be here! My journey with these women finally begins and it’s been quite a roller coaster.

Preview Is There a Rocky Road Ahead For Melissa and Teresa?

I have to say first and foremost, after seeing everything Teresa and Melissa have been through, it’s amazing to see how far they have come! Family dynamics can be complicated and there’s no one method to the madness. Because each family is unique, you have to figure out what works for you- and sometimes there’s a lot of trial and error that’s involved and that’s OK! I can totally relate to Teresa. Sometimes, when you know your parents are feeling low, you expect your siblings to help and contribute, to help bring them back up, to make them feel important and special. A little bit of love goes a long way, so let’s keep the love flowing people!

Teresa is so disciplined over this fitness competition. I know she says it’s a huge stress reliever for her, but for me, just the thought of working out is a stress creator - I sweat just thinking about it! Wait, can that count as a workout? Lol! I love the idea of a fitness competition but it stops there. I’m not that ambitious! I don’t think I would even have the discipline. I just don’t want it bad enough. Plus Bill will hate me on stage in a bikini. Come to think of it, so would I!

And I love the fact that Marge is such a fierce business woman! I would love to have my own business or even businesses in the future! Hey, it’s good to set goals! And I love her idea about the pajamas and I see her point that she works from home and wants to stay in her comfy jammies, but isn’t it ironic that she sleeps naked?! #TMI! But all kidding aside, I’d love a new pair of pajamas! hint, hint ;)

I love Dolores and Frank’s relationship! They are amazing roles models of how divorced couples should behave! And could it be that’s Frank’s hinting for another chance? I think that ship has sailed Frank! Your relationship seems healthy as it is and if it ain’t broke!... And Frankie Jr., do your mom a solid and go visit her! Mama bears always need some love!

Preview Dolores Calls Danielle a 'Troublemaker'

Speaking of Marge and Dolores, can I get a high five on how cool they are now?! Let’s take notes people, life is too short to hold grudges and I love how they’re in a good place. I’m more worried about how Dolores is going to react to Danielle! Paterson Dolores scares me!

And can I just wish Melissa a happy, happy birthday?! This party is at the coolest place ever, Rails! I can’t wait to bring my kids here (I have five, ya know). And everyone seems to be having a blast, especially tipsy Melissy! And how super cute is Jackie! I think Melissa found her drinking buddy! Not me though, I’m a water girl...with ice!

Preview Arranged Marriages and Chaperoned Dates?!

I love telling all the girls my story about how I met my husband. It’s true that I didn’t like the guy my parents originally set me up with. They persuaded me to go to a wedding in California, hoping that I would warm up to the guy. And my husband happened to be the best man at this wedding, which was for his brother. And when he walked down the aisle to get to his position as the best man, (he is the Best Man, by the way), it’s true...the light bulb flew on and I knew he was the one for me. We knew the drill when we first went out. We already knew we were attracted to each other, we already knew each other‘s families and our backgrounds. At this point, we just needed to go out to see if we got along. And on our second date, he told me how he knew I was going to be his wife one day and I just happily agreed. By the third date, he was introducing me as his fiancée to all of his friends. When his friends asked where is my engagement ring, he simply responded, “My dad is in the jewelry business and her dad is in the jewelry business, the ring is easy!” By the 4th date, he was telling me how his cousins wanted to meet me because they wanted to be bridesmaids in my wedding. I didn’t even want bridesmaids at my wedding, but I was so infatuated with him that I just happily agreed to everything he said! He has never proposed! We met the Sunday before Labor Day 2001 and we got married exactly one year to the day, the Sunday before Labor Day 2002. I had 600 people at my wedding! It was at the Westmount Country club and it wasn’t just a wedding, it was the event of the year!

I had limos, a Rolls Royce, a horse and buggy, even sparkler fireworks shot out through the centerpieces during our first dance, and three different singers! And yes peeps, you buy the cow if you want the milk! We waited till marriage so it would be special. And I didn’t need a trial run, because it’s all in the kiss. If the kiss is good, you know it’ll be smooth sailing. If you got a lizard trying to swallow your thyroid, then you know it’s NG! (No Good)! And it’s been 15 years and five kids later, I think it’s safe to say that it all worked out!

Now getting back to Melissa’s party, can I just say how beautiful the cake is! I think it’s so great that she doesn’t take her self too seriously! Cake is ending up everywhere and nobody cares! There’s drinking, jumping, throwing and guess what, it’s all good! As Tipsy Melissy says, “Let them throw cake!”

