https://www.ibtimes.com/scott-disick-threatens-ex-kourtney-kardashian-dating-again-after-their-split-2604749



Scott Disick Threatens Ex Kourtney Kardashian For Dating Again After Their Split

Scott Disick has been vocal about his dislike over Kourtney Kardashian getting back into the dating scene after their split.

On Sunday’s episode of “Keeping Up With the Kardashians,” the mom of three revealed that her ex-boyfriend has been threatening her. “He goes, ‘You better watch your back,’” Kardashian told her sisters, Kim and Khloe.

Disick and Kardashian split in 2015. At present, the reality TV star is already dating a much younger guy named Younes Bendjima. The host, on the other hand, is reportedly dating Sofia Richie. But before the two settled with their respective partners, Disick and Kardashian both struggled when they were still together.

Last year, Kardashian appeared on the “Ellen Show” to talk about her ex-boyfriend. Host Ellen DeGeneres asked her if she is still seeing Disick, and she said, “Well, we’re not together.” The eldest daughter of Kris Jenner also called Disick “family” since they share three beautiful kids together.

But while they were still in a relationship, Disick battled his alcohol addiction. Photos of him canoodling with another woman also went viral at the time that he was still dating Kardashian. For a time, Disick also stopped drinking, but his old partying ways resurfaced last summer.

In July, he was photographed partying at different locations and with different women including Bella Thorne. However, Thorne clarified at that time that she and Disick are nothing more than friends. While speaking with Complex, Thorne revealed that she befriended Disick after he attended one of her house parties.

“Scott is really nice, sweet, charming. I don’t drink, and he really drinks a lot. It just ended up... I just wasn’t down. I was like, ‘I gotta leave.’ We were in Cannes a day and a half before and I was like, ‘I’m booking my flight and leaving,’” she said.

“Scott was drinking and hanging out with multiple women… His group spent a few thousand dollars,” a source told People about his partying in Cannes.

Around the same time, reports also swirled that Kardashian is disappointed in her ex-boyfriend’s behavior. However, the two remain in constant communication with each other for the sake of their children.

In July, Mason, 7, Penlope, 5, and Reign, 3, stayed with their grandmother, Jenner, since their mom was also out of town with Bendjima. The couple hit the beach in St. Tropez, France, rode their jet skis and basked under the sun, according to Just Jared.

