https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5423005/Megan-Fox-sexy-lingerie-Fredericks-Hollywood.html

Heidi Parker, Heidi Parker For Dailymail.Com

Megan Fox in sexy lingerie for Frederick's Of Hollywood

Advertisement

Megan Fox sure knows how to sell sexy lingerie.

The stunning Transformers actress looked incredible in the new ad campaign for her latest Frederick's Of Hollywood Collection, which debuted on Thursday.

The 31-year-old brunette bombshell, who has said Marilyn Monroe is her inspiration, joined the company as co-owner, creative collaborator and global brand ambassador in 2016.

Beauty by the beach: Megan Fox looked incredible in the new ad campaign for her latest Frederick's Of Hollywood collection which debuted on Thursday

Boho babe in a netted tent: The 31-year-old looker wore a white lace bra and high-waisted undies for the dreamy shoot

Hippie hottie: In her first set up the Jennifer's Body actress wears all white with several gold, pearl and crystal necklaces hanging from her neck for a boho touch

In her first set up the Jennifer's Body actress wears all white with several gold, pearl and crystal necklaces hanging from her neck for a boho touch.

The white bra is sculpted on the edges and has lace underneath.

Another bra had all lace and a sheer panel in front with what looked to be underwire support.

The Ocean Ave vet also had on high-waisted lace undies which has been the style these days for young women who want to avoid pantie lines on the hips.

Perfect face: The wife of Brian Austin Green also had her makeup nicely done with black eye liner and neutral tones on her lids and lips. Her hair was worn down in soft beach waves

A little covered up: At one point the Crimes Of Fashion star put a white lace fringed wrap around her arms

Just lazing about in Southern California: The star looked relaxed for the shoot which may have taken place in Malibu

At one point the Crimes Of Fashion star put a white lace fringed wrap around her arms.

The wife of Brian Austin Green also had her makeup nicely done with black eye liner and neutral tones on her lids and lips. Her hair was worn down in soft beach waves.

In another set, the New Girl star was wearing black.

The mother of three was laying down on a wood porch as she stared up at the camera.

The temptress from Tennessee modeled a black lace bra with a cross in front as well as tiny lace panties that pulled up over her hips.

In this look, the Hope & Faith star wore a chest gold necklace that came down to her toned abs.

Pinup pose: In another set, the New Girl star was wearing black. The mother of three was laying down on a wood porch as she stared up at the camera

Moody: The temptress from Tennessee modeled a black lace bra with a cross in front as well as tiny lace panties that pulled up over her hips

Glowing: In this look, the Hope & Faith star wore a chest gold necklace that came down to her toned abs

Spring collection: The brunette beauty was modeling items from her spring collection

This shoot surfaces just after Megan said she believes Hollywood is 'morally bankrupt.'

The former child actress was very candid in an interview with E! News on Tuesday as she had some tough words for the entertainment industry.

The Transformers star said: 'There's not a lot of concern about what's right for individuals.

'Morally bankrupt': Fox, seen here in a selfie, was very candid in an interview with E! News on Tuesday as she had some tough words for the entertainment industry

Scintillating: Here Megan is seen in black lace for an older Fredrick's Of Hollywood shoot

'As long as you survive filming and they've gotten what they need from you they don't really care if you drop dead afterwards. It doesn't matter if you break an arm or you break a leg.'

She continued her explanation that her industry was 'morally bankrupt' by bringing up safety issues on set.

Megan explained: 'You can get really sick as long as you are not bleeding from your face you are going to keep working and people don't understand that.

'There's not a lot of concern about what's right for individuals: The 31-year-old said about film sets as she ios pictured in 2007's Transformers film

'There's no regard for your safety or your physical well-being at all because it doesn't matter because you are a means to an end.'

She also talked about her life of balancing time with husband Green, their three children, and a successful acting career.

Megan said: '[Brian] does the morning routine with them and takes them to school and I usually pick them up.'

Balancing act: Megan talked being a mom to three boys: five-year-old Noah, four-year-old Bodhi, and 17-month-old Journey

'We try to make it to a movie once a week or have an adult lunch': Megan and husband Brian Austin Green, 44, always try to carve out time for one another; seen in 2014

The duo are parents to three boys: five-year-old Noah, four-year-old Bodhi, and 17-month-old Journey.

Despite having three children, Megan and the 44-year-old actor always try to carve out time for one another as she said: 'We try to make it to a movie once a week or have an adult lunch so that everything isn't always kid-centered.

'I try to make a rule let's not talk about the kids, but it's impossible.'

