https://www.billboard.com/articles/events/women-in-music/8020441/selena-gomez-billboard-woman-of-the-year-2017-women-in-music

Billboard Staff

Selena Gomez Named Billboard's 2017 Woman of the Year

The singer will be honored at the annual Women in Music dinner and awards gala on Nov. 30.

Selena Gomez is Billboard’s 2017 Woman of the Year.

The two-time Billboard 200 chart-leader will be presented with the award Nov. 30 at the annual Women in Music dinner and awards gala, held at the Ray Dolby Ballroom in Los Angeles.

Gomez, an award-winning singer, producer and actress, will join an all-star cast of previous Woman of the Year honorees including Lady Gaga, Taylor Swift, Pink, Katy Perry, Fergie, Beyoncé and last year’s winner, Madonna, who delivered a moving speech that touched on feminism, sexism and much more.

“Not only is Selena soaring on the charts, but she continuously inspires young women everywhere to be authentic, give back and to not be afraid to use their voice,” said John Amato, president of The Hollywood Reporter-Billboard Media Group. “She is never afraid to speak her mind and has used her platform to advocate for the needs of others. We are thrilled to be able to honor her as our Woman of the Year.”

Gomez’ career has never been in better shape. In 2015 and 2016, she enjoyed top 10 Billboard Hot 100 smashes with “Same Old Love” and “Hands to Myself” and “We Don’t Talk Anymore.” The trend continues, with hits “Bad Liar,” “Fetish” (featuring Gucci Mane) and “It Ain’t Me” (with Kygo) in the past year.

Five of her albums have cracked the top 10 of the Billboard 200, with the studio albums Revival (2015) and Stars Dance (2013) leading the chart.

Not confined to music, Gomez also executive-produced the Netflix drama 13 Reasons Why, launched partnerships with Coach and Puma, and worked tirelessly across various philanthropic endeavors, from the Step Up Foundation to coaching for World Kindness Day, and raising more than $500,000 for the Lupus Research Alliance. Also, Gomez has been an active ambassador for UNICEF since 2009.

The prestigious event, held in conjunction with the publication of Billboard’s Women in Music issue, also recognizes the most powerful female executives in the industry. Additional Women in Music honorees will be unveiled in due course.

For the first time, the Women in Music event and a red-carpet pre-show will be broadcast live for on Twitter from 9pm-midnight EST on Nov. 30. Sponsors of the 2017 edition include Twitter, American Airlines, Iron Mountain Entertainment Services and Nielsen Music.

