https://www.cosmopolitan.com/entertainment/a25662309/khloe-kardashian-claps-back-photoshop-instagram/

Alanna Lauren Greco, Alanna Greco Is The Weekend Editor At Cosmopolitan.Com, A Freelance Writer Based In New York.

Khloe Kardashian Claps Back at a Fan Accusing Her of Photoshopping a Picture on Insta

With only a few days left in the year, Khloé Kardashian, aka the clap back queen of 2018, is still working hard to defend her title.

Khloé decided a post a picture of her and her mom last night with a sweet caption about how much she appreciates Kris, saying "♚ You are a Queen who has raised multiple mini Queens still trying to be as strong and fabulous as you are! I will love you more and more everyday Until the end of time ♚."

But of course, the internet being the internet, Khloé's followers decided to leave some pretty unnecessary/rude comments rather than bask in the mother/daughter love, and Khloé was NOT having it.

First, a user commented, "would you keep IG if all photo editing apps were gone forever??? Lol." Khloé responded with, "would you? Sometimes I wonder why people comment if it adds no value to ones life? Maybe I'm just different...but I don't care to be negative or passive aggressive. Our world is toxic enough as it is. It's sad people care to criticize something like an editing app. Let it go babes. Say something nice or just let it go. How does this serve you love?"

Instagram

And because that wasn't enough, another user decided to take it on themselves to remind Khloé that she also had a brother, as if that's something that she would forget. The person commented, "It's a shame Rob Kardashian is a member of the family and he is NEVER mentioned!!!"

Khloé's reply? "my bother is my entire world! He is definitely a king 👑 it is a shame that can respect us for respecting his privacy. You should not comment if you truly aren't informed about our family."

Instagram

How many times will this happen before trolls learn that you do NOT want to come for Khloé—she will 100% slam you for it.

