https://www.usatoday.com/story/life/tv/2018/01/07/golden-globes-2018-review-seth-meyers-almost-perfect-off-key-night/1011646001/



Golden Globes 2018 review: Seth Meyers, Oprah Winfrey hit all the right notes

Kelly Lawler

USA TODAY

It was always going to be a different kind of awards show.

How could the 2018 Golden Globes — the first major awards since Hollywood was rocked to its core by a series of sexual harassment, assault and misconduct allegations — be business as usual? It was different starting with the red carpet, where nominees and others wore black as a symbol of protest and solidarity with harassment victims. So how do you follow that up with a monologue?

Host Seth Meyers, at least, had it mostly figured out.

NBC's Late Night host took the stage for the first time at the traditionally loose and boozy awards ceremony, kicking off an awards season in the middle of a cultural upheaval. It's not exactly a task that comes with a playbook, as he playfully noted when he shouted out to the "hosts of other upcoming award shows who are watching me like the first dog shot into outer space."

More:Live from the 2018 Golden Globes

If the other hosts were nervous for Meyers, they shouldn't have been. The comedian managed to find just the right tone for his quick opening monologue, which moved easily between smart (and appropriate) jokes about the sexual harassment allegations to the usual jests about the year's crop of nominees to a frequent recipient of his barbs, President Trump.

After kicking off with a pointed "Good evening ladies and remaining gentlemen," Meyers addressed the allegations head on, rather than skirting around the topic. Some of the jokes didn't land entirely, including one criticizing Kevin Spacey, who has been accused of sexual misconduct and assault, for his House of Cards Southern accent, but Meyers was able to recover. "Was that too mean? To Kevin Spacey?"

The host also wisely brought a segment from Late Night, "Jokes Seth Can't Tell," to the ceremony, aptly suited for a night when women were making a big statement on the red carpet. Instead of handing off to two women writers from his show as usual, Meyers handed the mike to a variety of women in the audience, including Insecure's Issa Rae and former Globes host Amy Poehler, who took the opportunity to rib her former Saturday Night Live cast mate.

If Meyers found a good balance, the rest of the show seemed a little shakier. Some winners, including Big Little Lies stars Nicole Kidman and Laura Dern, referenced the #MeToo movement in their acceptance speeches. For others, it was business as usual,thanking fellow nominees, family and handlers. And some on stage at the Beverly Hilton were just odd, as when James Franco — after winning for best actor in a musical or comedy for The Disaster Artist — brought the quirky director of the infamously bad film The Room, Tommy Wiseau, onstage with him. (Disaster is about the making of that film).

But at the eleventh hour (well, about two hours in) Oprah Winfrey came on stage to inject some meaning and true emotion in a rousing acceptance speech for the Cecil B. DeMille Award that brought down the house. After recognizing how awards can offer powerful representation to marginalized communities, Winfrey turned the majority of her speech to the #MeToo movement.

"For too long, women have not been heard or believed if they dared to speak their truth to the power of those men. But their time is up. Their time is up!" she said.

In a cultural moment as fraught as this one, an awards show can't be everything to everyone. But as a host, Meyers did his best to make it work, with some help from the winners. His performance wasn't perfect, but it set a high bar for the rest of awards season, and repeat Oscars host Jimmy Kimmel.

Meyers promoted the Globes by saying Hollywood had a lot to talk about. He definitely got the conversation started.

Want to chat about the Golden Globes? Join us for our Critic’s Corner TV chat Monday at 2 p.m. ET on facebook.com/usatodaylife; email questions to criticscorner@usatoday.com.

