https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5131587/Im-focused-Aaron-Carter-leaves-rehab-two-months.html

Rebecca Lawrence, Rebecca Lawrence For Mailonline

Aaron Carter 'leaves rehab' after two months

Aaron Carter has reportedly left rehab after two months of treatment.

The I Want Candy hitmaker checked into a treatment facility in September to 'improve his health and work on his overall wellness,' and E! News reports he has left the centre after completing a two month program.

Aaron, 29, appears to already be back making music as he took to Instagram on Thursday to share a snap of himself looking at his computer from inside the recording studio.

Scroll down for video

Checked out: Aaron Carter has reportedly left rehab after two months, and appears to already be back making music as he shared a snap of himself in the studio on Thursday

He captioned the black and white image: 'focused', as fans wished him well in the comments section and begged him to release more singles.

Earlier this month, the star shared a shirtless before and after picture as he revealed he was happier, healthier and determined to get back into the studio.

He captioned the image: 'This is my before and after pics. I went from 115 to 160 pounds in two months I feel amazing. 2018 I’m ready for you!! My new Music is on its way!'

Aaron also looked happy and healthy last week when he volunteered to serve food to the less fortunate in a Los Angeles food bank on Thanksgiving.

Healing: Earlier this month, the star shared a shirtless before and after picture as he revealed he was happier, healthier and determined to get back into the studio

It has been a tumultuous year for Aaron, who was arrested in July on suspicion of driving under the influence and marijuana charges, and came out as bisexual a month later.

The younger brother of Backstreet Boy Nick Carter checked into rehab on September 22, with his representatives announcing the star was working on 'coming back stronger than ever before'.

A statement at the time read: 'Aaron has decided to enter a facility to improve his health and work on his overall wellness.

'He is going to do this privately and focus all his attention on being the best person and performer possible. He is grateful for the support and love from his fans and looks forward to coming back stronger than ever before.'

The entertainer then told his fans on Twitter: 'Only I can change my life ... no one can do it for me.'

Giving back: Aaron also looked happy and healthy last week when he volunteered to serve food to the less fortunate in a Los Angeles food bank on Thanksgiving

Aaron temporarily left the facility in early October to address 'several legal and personal matters,' which he did not discuss further.

However, the singer returned to complete his treatment program later that same month.

Speaking about his re-admission into the rehab centre, his publicist revealed that after taking care of his personal life, he was keen to complete his treatment.

He said in a statement: 'Aaron has taken care of the legal and financial matters that required his attention and returned to the wellness facility to complete his program.'

Ups and downs: It has been a tumultuous year for Aaron, who was arrested in July on suspicion of driving under the influence and marijuana charges, and came out as bisexual a month later

Making a change: The younger brother of Backstreet Boy Nick Carter checked into rehab on September 22, with his representatives announcing the star was working on 'coming back stronger than ever before'

Aaron's decision to enter rehab came after he previously admitted he was 'concerned' about his 'overall health.'

He explained: 'I'm concerned about my overall health because people tell me I look like I have AIDs or I look like I have cancer or I look like I'm dying.'

In April of this year, the former teen heartthrob revealed why he had lost so much weight recently when he told fans he had suffered from a hiatal hernia which affects his appetite.

'By the way y'all wanna know why I'm so skinny?' he asked his 600,000 followers at the time. 'It's because @ 19 I was diagnosed with a hiatal hernia, I didn't choose that. Be kind to me.'

'It's a terrible stress condition that affects me having an appetite and I'm sorry this is the way I am,' he continued. 'Basically, I have an eating disorder.'

