https://www.elle.com/culture/celebrities/a16757084/selena-gomez-and-justin-bieber-sneaky-wednesday-church-date/

Alyssa Bailey, News, Strategy Editor, Alyssa Bailey Is The News, Strategy Editor At Elle.Com, Where She Oversees Coverage Of Celebrities, Royals, Particularly Meghan Markle, Kate Middleton .

Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Had Another Sneaky-ish Wednesday Date Night

Today in #Jelena watch, Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez spent Wednesday night out together—but they tried to be sneaky about it. Gomez and Bieber arrived at church in Bieber's Jeep. They entered the building separately, but the same woman in the photo alongside them makes it clear they walked in the door only seconds apart.

Justin arriving. BACKGRID

Selena arriving. BACKGRID

Church-goers also spotted the two—and one filmed Gomez at the front of the church. The back of Bieber's head appears to be visible in the video because of his current Shaggy-esque blond hairstyle.

They were not photographed, filmed or said to be showing PDA at service like they have during previous weeks. Bieber's rumored ex-fling Kourtney Kardashian was also photographed arriving at the same service.

Wednesday night public date nights are kind of Jelena's thing. Since they reconciled in the fall, Bieber and Gomez have been regularly seen by Los Angeles church-goers at Wednesday night service (sometimes kissing) and have been often photographed by paparazzi at the ice rink that same evening. Bieber plays hockey almost weekly and devoted girlfriend Gomez occasionally (boredly) watches.

Gomez just returned to Los Angeles yesterday morning. She was photographed getting off the plane in sweats, out hiking later with her assistant Theresa Mingus, and then ultimately in a jean jacket at church with the Biebs. Her full outfit from service is likely the one from that afternoon, photographed more clearly below:

Gomez out in Los Angeles before her hike yesterday afternoon. BACKGRID

The latest report about Bieber and Gomez's relationship came out over the weekend after news broke that Gomez spent two weeks in a treatment program in New York City for anxiety and depression. Bieber was really supportive, a source close to Bieber told People. “Their relationship is very special. They have both changed, their lives are so different and it really seems things could work out great this time. Justin realized that he needed to change, reached out for help and is doing very well. The same [goes] for Selena — the second she doesn’t feel well, she seeks help. They have both hugely matured. Justin is very supportive of Selena feeling her best.”

