http://www.bravotv.com/the-daily-dish/the-real-housewives-of-orange-county-shannon-beador-david-beador-divorce-relationship-update

Laura Rosenfeld

Shannon Beador Opens Up About Her Relationship with David Beador During Their Divorce

Shannon Beador is starting off this season of The Real Housewives of Orange County in the midst of one of the hardest things anyone would ever have to go through: divorce.

The last time we saw Shannon at the Season 12 RHOC reunion, she had announced that she and her husband, David Beador, had separated after 17 years of marriage. This season of RHOC kicks off as Shannon is in the midst of divorce proceedings with David. She officially filed for divorce from David on December 1, 2017.

Even though Shannon is still going through the process of divorce today, she said she is in a much better place than when we last saw her during that emotionally raw reunion. "Life today at this very moment couldn't be better. I am honestly happy. And it's not me trying to convince anybody that I'm happy. I'm happy," she told The Daily Dish during an interview in New York City Monday. "I pinch myself sometimes. I'm so grateful and blessed for the things that are going on in my life and for the people that I have in my life right now. So things are very good."

It took Shannon some time and a lot of soul searching to get to this positive place. "After the reunion when we officially announced the separation, it was difficult for me because even though we had been separated for a little over a month, it had become public, and now everybody knew about it. It just made it real to me," she said. "So there was a long period of sadness and a lot of tears and a lot of pain. And I had to process through that pain. And I think that I emerged from it by literally staying home and learning to be happy with myself, that I came out a stronger person. And I know that whether I found another partner or not, I'm gonna be OK standing on my own. It's all a blessing."





These days, however, Shannon is still working on her relationship with David. "My relationship with David today is no bueno. It is not good. Hopefully when we settle everything there will be more of a friendliness," Shannon said. "But my kids are doing well, as well as can be expected. We're trying to co-parent. They're spending a lot of time with their dad. We're trying to do it 50/50, and I want him to be a part of their lives."

Luckily, Shannon has had her fellow OC Housewives, many of whom have gone through or are going through a divorce of their own, to lean on during this difficult time. "Tamra [Judge], Vicki [Gunvalson], and Kelly [Dodd] have been so supportive throughout this whole divorce process. Tamra and Vicki, they've been through it before. Even though you walk through a divorce and say, 'It's gonna be positive. We're gonna be amicable,' they've pointed out, yeah we all go through, but there's gonna be a point where it's gonna turn, and they were absolutely correct. And to be able to have somebody kind of hold my hand through that and give me their insight as to what they did when the same things happened, it was invaluable," Shannon explained. "And then also, then you go to Kelly, who's basically going through the same thing I'm going through at the same time. So to have that support system, and to also have a friend who lives 5 minutes from me that I'm able to go and do things with all the time, that's nice."

After launching her Real for Real cuisine food line on QVC in April, Shannon is definitely ready to see what this next chapter of her life has in store. "I've launched a business. This opportunity came to me right after the separation. It's like all of the stars were in alignment," she said. "God has an amazing plan for me. I can't wait to see where."

Shannon makes a big step in moving forward with her post-divorce life in the RHOC Season 13 premiere. Be sure to tune in Monday, July 16 at 9/8c to see what's new with Shannon, and check out the preview, below.

