https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/5062628/kendall-jenner-love-advent-calendar-rocky/

Beth Allcock

Kendall Jenner sweats in a crop top as she recreates Rocky for the Love Advent Calendar

KENDALL Jenner proved just why boxing is the exercise of choice for models as she showed off her sensational body while packing a mean punch.

The catwalk star, who has been named the world's highest earning model, stripped to matching sweatpants and a crop top as she took on the role of iconic fighter Rocky Balboa in the latest LOVE Magazine advent calendar.

6 Kendall Jenner worked up a sweat in the latest set of images for LOVE Magazine's Advent Calendar Credit: Phil Poynter / LOVE ADVENT

Keeping Up With The Kardashians favourite Kendall threw her all into the action-packed shoot which saw her skip on the spot and shadow box in a studio.

Wearing bright white wraps on her hands and her hair scraped back into a ponytail, she sweats it out in a series of routines before leaping into the air as she gave her best left hook.

Later on, the beauty looked beaten as she crashed onto the ring face-first, before rolling over and giggling about her antics to a mate.

Her final shot saw her strike a sultry pose while holding a jump rope.

Inside the The Kardashians' property empire and who owns what

6 Kendall, 22, gave her best left hook Credit: Phil Poynter / LOVE ADVENT

6 She crashed face-first into the ring Credit: Phil Poynter / LOVE ADVENT

6 The catwalk star channelled both Rocky Balboa and his wife Adrian in their action-packed shoot Credit: Phil Poynter / LOVE ADVENT

6 Ever the fashionista, Kendall accessorised with a matching sports headband Credit: Phil Poynter / LOVE ADVENT

Meanwhile the stylish model made sure to look her best.

She accessorised with a grey Adidas sweatband while her waist-skimming top gave an eyeful of her honed abs.

Proving a perfect colour match, the brunette's capri-cut joggers clung to her muscular thighs.

The fourth shoot of LOVE's seasonal offering was inspired by the 2016 Basic Instinct LOVE Advent 2016 and saw Kendall play both Rocky and his girlfriend, Adrian.

most read in TV & SHOWBIZ BRAVE FACE I'm A Celeb's Jac Jossa puts wedding ring back ON & says she's 'absolutely fine' Exclusive CASHING IN I'm A Celeb champ Jacqueline will make £1m in a year months after huge tax bill THE ENDER LoU? EastEnders fans convinced Linda will kill Louise on Christmas Day hitting back Natalie Nunn slams Chloe Ayling as she breaks silence on Dan Osborne threesome CORRIE ON... I'm A Celeb's Andy desperate to return to 'boring life' of Asda and his sofa QUEEN'S RULING Jac Jossa is first winner to EVER cancel live TV chats after threesome claim

Kendall was said to have collaborated with producer Katie Grand on-set as well as her personal boxing trainer Rob Piela, from Gotham Gym.

She downed raw eggs before her gritty images to get a quick protein fix and said of her poses: "When you get asked to shoot the advent calendar, it’s highly flattering.

"It’s a chance to have fun and embrace a strong self and always a good time."

Kendall was picked by Love Magazine for this year’s calendar which also features Gigi and Bella Hadid, Jourdan Dunn, Karlie Kloss and many other famous names.

6 Meanwhile her model pal Emily Ratajkowski writhed around in spaghetti for the annual photo showcase Credit: Love Magazine

Kendall Jenner becomes Rocky Balboa AND his wife Adrian for Day 4 of the Love Advent 2017

Love Magazine are using #StayStrong to plug the advent calendar this year and its editor Katie Grand said of the shoot: “It’s festive, it’s fun and it’s everything we love about women enjoying being women, on their own terms.”

Yet the American's workout shoot was a stark contrast to fellow model Emily Ratajkowski, who sexed up an earlier photoshoot with scenes which saw her roll around in spaghetti in her lingerie.

Meanwhile, Kendall's BFF Bella Hadid, 21, stripped to racy red lingerie to launch the sizzling set of images on December 1.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.

We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

