https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3509929/Daddy-duties-Rose-Byrne-s-partner-Bobby-Cannavale-shares-cute-Instagram-snap-baby-son-Rocco-poolside-Florida-reads-newspaper.html

Jo Scrimshire, Jo Scrimshire For Daily Mail Australia

Rose Byrne's partner Bobby Cannavale shares Instagram snap of son Rocco in Florida

He's the U.S. actor with many well-known film credits to his name - including the appropriately titled Daddy's Home.

And Rose Byrne's partner Bobby Cannavale certainly seems to live up to the title, enjoying his new role as father to their baby son Rocco, recently sharing several Instagram snaps of them enjoying quality father-son time.

While on a family holiday in Florida this week, the Boardwalk Empire star, 45, posted an adorable photo of the seven-week-old as the baby rested poolside while Bobby seemed to catch up on the news with a newspaper in the frame.

Proud father: Rose Byrne's partner Bobby Cannavale recently shared this cute photo of their baby son Rocco with his 39,500 followers on Instagram, showing the seven-week-old child resting poolside during a family holiday in Miami Beach, Florida - while Bobby appears to read a copy of The New York Times

Doting dad Bobby - who also has a 20-year-old son, actor Jake Cannavale, from a previous relationship - proudly captioned the image: 'The best'.

And on Friday afternoon, the New Jersey native shared yet another photo memory from their sunny Miami Beach getaway.

The follow-up snap shows Bobby bottle feeding baby Rocco, as the Emmy Award-winner joked that his child's pastel-coloured outfit is reminiscent of the costumes on 1980s cop drama Miami Vice.

He captioned the image, 'TONIGHT on Miami Vice. (I didn't dress him)'.

'I didn't dress him': Bobby later shared this adorable snap of him bottle feeding Rocco, as he gently pokes fun at the baby's pastel-coloured outfit in the image caption

Clearly sharing the baby duties Bobby shared an adorable video on Instagram earlier in the week as he held Rocco close to his chest while seemingly rocking him to sleep in a rocking chair.

The 15-second long clip shows Bobby - clad in a grey jumper - cradling the tiny tot, who is wrapped up warm in a white blanket.

Speaking from what's believed to be the family home in New York, he praises the new rocking chair, courtesy of Melbourne bespoke furniture makers Bern Chandley.

It would seem there was something of a family reunion taking place, as Bobby revealed in the caption that Rose's brother, Los Angeles-based artist George Byrne, was in the background.

Family moment: Earlier in the week, Bobby shared an adorable video on Instagram where he protectively holds Rocco close to his chest while the father-and-son sit on a rocking chair

Doting dad: The 15-second long clip shows Bobby - clad in a grey jumper - cradling Rocco, who is wrapped up warm in a white blanket

He wrote: 'My bro @bernchandleyfurniture handmade us the greatest rocking chair EVER. Rocco loves it Bern! All the way from Melbourne! @george_byrne in the bg xxx'

Rose, from Balmain in New South Wales, reportedly began dating Bobby after the Killing Them Softly after party in November 2012, the New York Daily News reported.

The following year, Bobby confirmed his relationship with the Damages star during his Best Supporting Actor speech at the Emmy Awards, calling Rose the 'love of (his) life'.

Growing family: Sydney-born actress Rose Byrne (left) welcomed her first child Rocco with long-term partner Bobby (right) last month - pictured here out and about in New York City recently

The couple welcomed their first child together on February 1 this year, baby son Rocco Robin Cannavale.

Rose was previously in a long-term relationship with Australian actor-director Brendan Cowell for over six years before their split in January 2010.

Meanwhile, Bobby was married to actress and screenwriter Jenny Lumet from 1994 to 2003, which produced one child.

