https://hellogiggles.com/reviews-coverage/tv-shows/netflix-true-crime-dramas-2018/

Gwendolyn Purdom

Netflix is dropping two new true crime dramas in 2018 — and one of them involves Trump

Our collective true crime obsession in recent years has mostly been limited to series centered on murder: The Jinx, The Keepers, Serial, Making a Murderer, and so on. But Netflix is here to expand our fascination with unsolved mysteries, corruption, and injustice with two new documentary shows that focus on different kinds of wrongdoing: food production crimes and corporate greed.

Mark your calendars: Netflix’s Rotten and Dirty Money — which has an episode about Donald Trump’s business dealings — hit the streaming platform in January.

ROTTEN

Rotten examines the scary underworld of global food production to “expose the corruption, waste and real dangers behind your everyday eating habits,” according to a Netflix release:

"In a world where huge global supply-chains are increasingly intertwined and consolidated, this series starts on your dinner plate...and follows the money to the shocking consequences — intended or not — of regulation, innovation and greed."

Episodes explore everything from the rise of peanut allergies to New England fishery consolidation to an intriguing (and terrifying) scam known as “Honeygate.” The docuseries from the same people behind Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown looks disgusting, shocking, and illuminating, all at the same time.

DIRTY MONEY

In case the name didn’t tip you off, the second new series, Dirty Money, investigates stories of scandal and corruption in the corporate world through the insightful lens of Oscar-winning director Alex Gibney and others:

"Using first-hand accounts from perpetrators and their victims, combined with rarely-seen video footage, this addictive series keeps viewers on the edge of their seats."

Trump’s sketchy business background comes up in an episode called, “The Confidence Man.” The episode profiles Trump Inc. and its rise from epic failures and scams to the Oval Office. Other episodes look at payday lenders ripping off Americans, HSBC’s ties with Mexican drug cartels, and a $20 million maple syrup heist.

We can’t wait to have more true crime TV in our lives. Look out for Rotten on Netflix on January 5th, and Dirty Money on January 26th.

