https://www.broadwayworld.com/bwwtv/article/E-Puts-Its-Best-FACE-FORWARD-with-Launch-of-New-Snapchat-Series-1021-20171020

Bww News Desk

E! Puts Its Best FACE FORWARD with Launch of New Snapchat Series Today

E! News continues to deliver its millennial audience premium celebrity lifestyle content on all of their preferred platforms with the launch of its latest Snapchat series, FACE FORWARD which premieres on Snapchat Discover on Saturday, October 21. The eight-episode series is a fresh-faced take on the standard makeover tutorial. In each episode, our glam team featuring top beauty guru Patrick Starrr, online hair sensation Tiarra Monet, and celebrity stylist Johnny Wujek meets a deserving girl who is ready for a complete style overhaul culminating in a celebrity-inspired photo shoot. Additionally, Abercrombie & Fitch serves as the exclusive launch partner for "Face Forward."

"'Face Forward' is the ideal next step in expanding our original content created specifically for our mobile audience on Snapchat," said John Najarian, Executive Vice President and General Manager, E! NEWS & Digital. "Lifestyle is a huge passion point for our audience and this new series is the perfect format to tap into that demand."

"Connecting our clients with the right premium content and audience is paramount in the CROWDED media space," said Laura Molen, Executive Vice President, Lifestyle and Hispanic Advertising Sales, NBCUniversal. "E!'s programming on Snapchat reaches an affluent, young consumer and brands see a 45% stronger intent to purchase which is the ultimate engagement for marketers."

"Face Forward" joins "The Rundown" and "Ask Kylie" as the latest series launched in a successful partnership between E! and Snapchat. "The Rundown" is one of the first fully produced Snapchat shows and recently expanded to three times a week after great success on the platform. The series has become a content franchise, significantly growing and sustaining a loyal, young audience that has more than doubled in the last year. Additionally, popular companion series "Ask Kylie," featuring 20-year-old entrepreneur and social media mega-star Kylie Jenner, recently concluded with the with the season finale of E!'s hit docu-series "Life of Kylie."

Source: The Rundown on Snapchat Discover - Snapchat Analytics (Global) Eps. 1 - 83, 9/8/16 - 8/27/17.





Related Articles View More TV Stories

