https://metro.co.uk/2017/12/14/destinys-child-set-reunite-coachella-clues-7159873/

Katie Baillie

Are Destiny’s Child set to reunite at Coachella? Here are all the clues

Destiny’s Child line up at one time consisted of LaTavia Roberson, LeToya Luckett, Kelly Rowland, and Beyonce Knowles (Picture: Everett/REX/Shutterstock)

Question: tell me what you think about…this.

A fan theory is doing the rounds online that we are so here for – we could have a Destiny’s Child reunion on our hands.

Original members LaToya and LaTavia could well be teaming up with Bey, Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland, if this is all to be believed.

The theory goes that Destiny’s Child are reuniting for Coachella 2018 and it would appear they have each been dropping hints to suggest it.

AND WE ALL KNOW BEYONCE LOVES A HINT DROP.

Example one: the album hint.

Example two: The twins hint.

Beyoncé told us in Dec. she was having twins ?. She was holding up two fingers. Lordt it's like when she was smelling the lemon. #Beyonce pic.twitter.com/tbbQ3gH02P — Damedashbk (@DameDashBEYk) February 2, 2017

So here is the fan theory, discovered by Buzzfeed, encapsulated in one handy tweet and a quick explanation.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Beyonce uploaded a snap of herself wearing an AC/DC top, but only showed the DC. DC = Destiny’s Child. Boom.

Michelle Williams uploaded a snap of the outfit she wore when she last performed with Destiny’s Child at the Super Bowl, you know, just to remind us she was once in the group.

Yes Yes Yes! (Picture: Kevin Mazur/WireImage)

Original DC member LaTavia has piped up too, telling her fans ‘I have so much to tell you guys’…

And lastly, other original LaToya shared a picture of the quartet together back in the day. What a strange time to suddenly do a flash back….or is it?

THEY. ARE. COMING. COACHELLA IS ABOUT TO BE LEGENDARY. pic.twitter.com/5RMCahlvAS — Getaway Car ? (@DaKingKK) December 12, 2017

Now it’s Kelly’s move.

Coachella would be the ultimate place for a reunion, especially as Beyonce had to pull out last year, what with being pregnant with twins and all, and is now headlining for 2018.

Could our Destiny’s Child dreams be coming true?

Got a showbiz story? If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you.

MORE: Beyonce and Jay-Z are over the infidelity drama in loved-up pics

MORE: Ed Sheeran and Anne-Marie cover The Pogues’ Fairytale Of New York and it’s a thing of beauty

