https://web.archive.org/web/20170119222315/http://maneaddicts.com/2017/01/19/7-hair-masks-that-promise-red-carpet-shine/

Nina Aghadjanian

7 Hair Masks That Promise Red Carpet Shine

Fact: When your hair looks and feels as dry as hay, you’re having a bad hair day. Truth be told, you can’t disguise damage with styling products—that’s a TLC job. Turn your mane’s mood from blue to blissful with one of these ultra-hydrating masks for red carpet-ready shine that’ll steal the spotlight.

1. BAMBI & SAMMI NO.1 HAIR MASK

Never underestimate the power of a pouched mask. Australian company Bambi & Sammi knew what they were doing when they whipped up this vegan-friendly mask full of hydrating macadamia nut and blend of oils. Let it sit for 10 minutes under a cap while you shower and hop out with super-soft strands.

2. OUAI TREATMENT MASQUE

When you want healthy-looking and feeling hair that smells like heaven, the only thing you need is 5 minutes and a OUAI Treatment Mask, thanks to its star ingredient—artichoke leaf extract.

3. ARVAZALLIA HYDRATING ARGAN OIL HAIR MASK

If we were to describe this mask that we first discovered on Amazon in two words—chill pill (for your hair). Be sure to rinse this one out after a 15-minute soak.

4. OLAPLEX HAIR PERFECTOR NO 3 REPAIRING TREATMENT

Olaplex, which we’ve raved about before, is a miracle product for even the most abused manes. For unbelievable repair and shine, incorporate it into your weekly hair routine. Keep in mind: This isn’t a leave-in and should be followed by shampoo and conditioner.

5. EVA NYC THERAPY SESSION HAIR MASK

Some masks aren’t meant to be used daily, but you have the option of both–occasional and daily use–with EVA NYC’s Therapy Session. Not only is it sweet-smelling but it’s full of Keravis, a protein that’s clinically proven to strengthen strands. Added bonus: A little goes a long way so your bank won’t break if (when) you develop an obsession.

6. KOCOSTAR LONG HAIR THERAPY CONDITIONING MASK

This one’s for the long-hair-don’t-care cuties. From Korean brand Kocostar, Long Hair Therapy is a single-use mask that restores strand sparkle with a winning trio of shea butter, olive oil, and argan oil.

7. CLAIROL HAIR FOOD MOISTURIZING HAIR MASK

If thick, unruly locks are the bane of your existence then the search for a mask that actually penetrates your hair could be tricky. This one by Clairol eliminates the fuss altogether. Apply a dollop during a shower or workout then rinse to yield silver screen queen-status shine.

See the 5 New Shampoo and Conditioner Duos You Need Now.

SHOP THIS STORY

