https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5220011/Jason-Beghe-files-divorce.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Chicago PD's Jason Beghe files for divorce

Jason Beghe filed for divorce from his wife of 17 years on Thursday, citing 'irreconcilable differences,' according to The Blast.

The 57-year-old Chicago PD star married actress Angie Janu in 2000 and the pair share two children, 14-year-old Bix and 11-year-old Bo.

Beghe notes in his filing that he will pay spousal support to his estranged partner, but wishes to keep some assets he inherited out of the divorce proceedings.

Jason Beghe filed for divorce from his wife of 17 years on Thursday, citing 'irreconcilable differences,'

The Californication actor had recently been 'investigated' by NBC for his behavior on the set of Chicago PD 'that some [cast and crew] said constituted sexual harassment', according to Deadline.

According to The Blast, the Thelma And Louise actor 'will pay up spousal support, but does list a few inherited properties he wants to keep separate in the divorce.'

He is also applying for joint legal and physical custody of their children.

The veteran actor 'has apparently consistently used highly aggressive and sexually suggestive language' on the set of his NBC show, as well as 'intimidating' behavior, according to Deadline.

Happier times: Beghe and wife Angie Janu are pictured here in 1997

Beghe was investigated by NBC last year over claims he bullied his colleagues on the show's cast and crew.

'People felt disrespected, he yelled a tremendous amount, he had a quick fuse and when it was set off, it was unpleasant for everyone around him,' an insider told Variety.

Numerous people affiliated the with program complained about the behavior of Beghe, a New York native, citing a penchant for remarks that offended his peers, the outlet reported.

Mercurial: Chicago P.D. actor Jason Beghe, 57, was investigated by NBC human resources last year amid claims he was a bully toward colleagues on the TV program. Pictured May 2017

According to Deadline, an insider noted that some actors were physically injured amid stunts and conflicts with the actor.

Beghe's misbehavior also factored into actress Sophia Bush's decision to leave the show, a source told Variety.

NBCUniversal human resources was apprised of the situation and documented it in his employee file while furbishing the actor, who plays Hank Voight on the show, with an anger management coach.

'The environment has improved drastically,' insiders told Variety, noting that Beghe has shown 'significant improvement' in his conduct, with no complaints over his behavior over the last six months.

Coming clean: The entertainer admitted he's 'been hurtful to [his] friends and colleagues' in the past

Beghe said in a statement he's 'deeply sorry' for his mercurial behavior, acknowledging he's 'been hurtful to [his] friends and colleagues.'

He continued: 'I have struggled with anger issues for some time, and over the past year, I have been working with a coach to help me learn how to mitigate my temper. It’s an ongoing process, and it has been a humbling one.

'It is a source of great pride for me to be part of Chicago P.D.’s incredible cast and crew. I have personally apologized to anyone who I have upset, and I am committed to doing what is necessary to make up any damage that I may have caused.'

NBC issued a statement with the companies that producing the show, Universal Television and Wolf Entertainment, indicating they 'promptly began an investigation' when they were apprised of the situation, have 'already taken action,' and 'continue to monitor very closely to ensure all of our employees feel safe and supported.'

