https://www.cheatsheet.com/entertainment/paris-hilton-is-keeping-her-2-million-engagement-ring-diamonds-are-a-girls-best-friend.html/

Bre Williams

Paris Hilton Is Keeping Her $2 Million Engagement Ring: ‘Diamonds Are A Girl’s Best Friend’

Paris Hilton| Geoff Robins / AFP Paris Hilton| Geoff Robins / AFP

Paris Hilton has decided on the fate of her 20-carat engagement ring.

After calling it quits from ex-fiancé Chris Zylka, the reality star has revealed that she is keeping the ring even though their relationship didn’t work out.

Makes sense why she isn’t parting with a $2.2 million ring, men come and go but diamonds are forever!

The ring came with a lot of publicity

Since her engagement to actor and model, Chris Zylka, Paris Hilton has been showing off her pear-shaped diamond ring for all to see.

When the pair decided to call it quits after being engaged for ten-months, Hilton decided to keep the ring to herself.

She recently revealed to SiriusXM‘s Jenny McCarthy that the ring gave jeweler, Michael Greene, a ton of publicity since announcing her engagement to Zylka.

Paris Hilton shows off her engagement ring | Paris Hilton shows off her engagement ring | Paris Hilton via Instagram

“The person who we got it from got millions and millions of dollars of free publicity,” Hilton said. “I love how social media has basically become a new form of money. Yeah, it’s pretty sick.”

Let’s be real, a ring that size and worth that much money would obviously get a ton of publicity.

Paris Hilton is taking a break from wearing the ring

Since news of her split from Chris Zylka, Hilton has opted out of wearing the ring for some time.

One week after the split, the heiress was spotted in Australia posing with her wedding finger bare. After flashing the rock for ten-months, Hilton is giving her wedding finger a break since we’re pretty sure 20-carat rings are a little bit on the heavy side (I personally wouldn’t know).

Hilton called off her engagement

News of Paris Hilton and Chris Zylka’s split broke headlines back in November.

After posting the news of their breakup on Instagram, Hilton appeared on the daytime talk show, The Talk, and discussed the reasoning behind ending her relationship with Zylka by stating, “When I fall in love, I fall in love fast and hard, and it was this whirlwind romance,” she said. “I’ve always been obsessed with Disney stories and love stories, and I thought it was gonna be my happy ending, and I just realized after time that it wasn’t the right decision.”

Paris Hilton and Chris Zylka | Photo by Tommaso Boddi/Getty Images for Maddox Gallery Paris Hilton and Chris Zylka | Photo by Tommaso Boddi/Getty Images for Maddox Gallery

With all of the talk surrounding their breakup, Chris Zylka has been said to want the ring back but hasn’t spoken to Hilton since their split (AWKWARD).

The pair got engaged while on a ski trip in Aspen. The actor popped the question while he and his lady love were on top of a snowy mountain. The whole thing was captured on video, which in turn went viral in a matter of minutes.

The now-deleted Instagram video made us start to believe in love again, but that dream was short lived.

There is no bad blood between the two

Even though Zylka and Hilton have not spoken to each other since the split, Hilton wishes all the best to her ex-fiancé.

For the time being, Paris Hilton is focusing on herself and her career. Since calling off the engagement, Hilton has been busy raking in her funds with club appearances and DJing.

The heiress has been leaning on her family since the breakup and they are planning to spend this holiday season in Aspen. Let’s just hope they don’t accidentally stumble upon Hilton’s engagement spot.

