https://people.com/tv/sag-awards-2018-in-memoriam/

Michele Corriston

SAG Awards 2018 In Memoriam Honors David Cassidy

Late film and television stars David Cassidy, Roger Moore, Adam West, Jerry Lewis and Bill Paxton were honored at the 2018 Screen Actors Guild Awards‘ In Memoriam segment.

Other notable stars honored were Jeanne Moreau, Martin Landau, John Herd, Sam Shepard, Nelsan Ellis, Dick Gregory, Jerry Van Dyke, Della Reese, Jim Nabors, Erin Moran and Don Rickles (among others).

Cassidy, a former teen heartthrob widely known for his starring role as Keith Partridge on the 1970s series The Partridge Family, died from organ failure Nov. 21 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He was 67.

Image zoom David Cassidy Henry Diltz/Corbis/Getty

Image zoom Larry Marano/Getty Images

In February 2017, Cassidy exclusively revealed to PEOPLE that he was battling dementia.

“I was in denial, but a part of me always knew this was coming,” said Cassidy, who watched his grandfather battle the disease and witnessed his mother “disappear” into dementia until she died at age 89.

To donate to the Time’s Up Legal Defense Fund, which will provide subsidized legal support to women and men in all industries who have experienced sexual harassment, assault, or abuse in the workplace, visit its GoFundMe page. Learn more about Time’s Up, an organization of women in entertainment combating sexual harassment and inequality, on its website.

James Bond actor Moore, best known for playing Agent 007 in the ’70s and ’80s, died in Switzerland on May 23 after battling leukemia. He was 89.

Image zoom Roger Moore Everett

Batman star West died June 9 after a short battle with leukemia. The actor is best remembered for his turn as Gotham’s Caped Crusader in the 1960s— though his career spanned six decades of film, stage and voice work.

Image zoom Adam West Silver Screen Collection/Getty

RELATED VIDEO: Kristen Bell Talks Husband Dax Shepard’s “Unending Support” For SAG Hosting Duties

Comedy king Lewis, whose manic style amused generations of moviegoers on both sides of the Atlantic, died of natural causes at the age of 91 on March 20.

Image zoom Jerry Lewis John Springer Collection/CORBIS/Corbis via Getty Images

Paxton died Feb. 25 due to complications from surgery. He was 61. His earliest acting credits include minor roles in blockbusters such as Terminator (1984) and Aliens (1986), and he rose to fame in the 1990s thanks to roles such as Fred Haise in Apollo 13 (1995), the lead role in the 1996 hit Twister and as treasure hunter Brock Lovett in Titanic (1997). Later, he earned accolades on the TV hit Big Love (2006-11).

Image zoom Bill Paxton SipaAP Images/

Be sure to check out PEOPLE’s full SAG Awards coverage to get the latest news on Hollywood’s big night.

The 24th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards was broadcast live from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles on both TNT and TBS.

