https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5261471/Kate-Bosworth-flawless-bridal-inspired-lace-gown.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Kate Bosworth is flawless in bridal-inspired lace gown

They will celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary this year and Kate Bosworth and Michael Polish still seem to be in the honeymoon phase.

The actress, 35, and the producer, 47, put on a loving as well as very stylish show as they arrived for the Critics Choice Awards in LA on Thursday night.

And Bosworth even wore a seemingly bridal-inspired white lace gown for the occasion that showcased her model-like figure.

Scroll down for video

Couple goals: Kate Bosworth, 35, and Michael Polish, 47, put on a very stylish show as they arrived for the Critics Choice Awards in LA on Thursday night

The full-length gown from the Brock Collection had long sleeves and a round neck with embellished neckline.

It also featured a giant white lace bow accent on one side.

She accentuated her cheekbones by pulling her hair back from her face in a sophisticated up do and adding dark blush.

She wore stunning diamond chandelier earrings and colored her lips a lush dark red.

So in love: They will celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary this year but the couple still seem to be in the honeymoon phase

Gorgeous: Bosworth wore a seemingly bridal-inspired white lace gown with long sleeves and an embellished neckline that showcased her model-like figure

Flawless: She wore her hair back from her face in a sophisticated updo and added stunning diamond chandelier earrings and a lush dark red lip color

Polish clearly couldn't take his eyes off his gorgeous wife as they posed for photos.

He looked dapper in a black two piece suit with a crisp white shirt and a black tie.

It was a working night for Bosworth, however.

During the televised show, she appeared on stage with The Walking Dead's Norman Reedus to present one of the awards.

Job to do: It was a working night for Bosworth, however. During the televised show, she appeared on stage with The Walking Dead's Norman Reedus to present one of the awards

