https://www.thewrap.com/kristen-bell-praises-dax-shepard-sobriety-birthday/

Rosemary Rossi, Steve Pond, Brian Welk, Matt Donnelly, Ross A. Lincoln, Jeremy Fuster, Sharon Waxman, Trey Williams, Greg Gilman

Kristen Bell Praises Husband Dax Shepard on His '14th Sobriety Birthday'

Kristen Bell gushes praise in the most heartfelt and funny way Saturday in tribute to her husband Dax Shepard, who is celebrating his “14th year sobriety birthday.”

“I will forever be in awe of your dedication, and the level of fierce moral inventory you perform on yourself, like an emotional surgery, every single night,” the “Good Place” star wrote in a touching Instagram post to her husband of nearly eight years.

Along with a series of photos of Shepard with their babies, Bell posted what began as a light-hearted ribbing, teasing the man “who wore baby Bjorn for 2 straight years to show his girls how to be as adventurous as possible.” Her joking turned to praise and adoration for his struggle well-fought (and continues to fight).

“I know how much you loved using. I know how much it got in your way,” she wrote. “And I know, because I saw, how hard you worked to live without it.”

Also Read: Kristen Bell and Ted Danson Dish on 'The Good Place' and Their Real-Life Bad Places

Here’s her entire tribute:

“To the man mocked me when in our wedding photos because I cried too many tears of joy, Who wore a baby Bjorn for 2 straight years to show his girls how to be as adventurous as possible, who held our dear little shakey mann pup for 8 hrs straight on the day we had to put him down, I know how much you loved using. I know how much it got in your way. And I know, because I saw, how hard you worked to live without it.

I will forever be in awe of your dedication, and the level of fierce moral inventory you perform on yourself, like an emotional surgery, every single night.

You never fail to make amends, or say sorry when its needed. You are always available to guide me, and all of our friends, with open ears and tough love when its needed most.

You have become the fertilizer in the garden of our life, encouraging everyone to grow. I’m so proud that you have never been ashamed of your story, but instead shared it widely, with the hope it might inspire someone else to become the best version of themselves.

You have certainly inspired me to do so.

I love you more than I ever thought I could love anyone, and I want you to know, I see you. I see how hard you work. You set an excellent example of being human. Happy 14th year sobriety birthday, @daxshepard.

Xoxo”

