https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5304065/Jason-Biggs-introduces-American-Pies-Eugene-Levy-baby.html

Tracy Wright, Tracy Wright For Dailymail.Com

Jason Biggs introduces American Pie's Eugene Levy to baby

They starred together as father and son in a hilarious coming-of-age film released nearly two decades ago.

And Jason Biggs, 39, seemed happy to introduce his newest member of the family to Eugene Levy, 71, in an adorable Instagram post shared Monday afternoon.

The funny guys posed for a quick snap while Biggs' oldest son Sid chomped on an apple, which Jason's wife Jenny Mollen joked was a subtle nod to the famous American Pie scene involving an apple pie.

Scroll down for video

Reunited! Jason Biggs, 39, seemed happy to introduce his newest member of the family to Eugene Levy, 71, in an adorable Instagram post shared Monday afternoon

Both actors were wrapped up in warm winter coats as Biggs held on to his three-year-old son, while Levy hoisted little Lazlo up for the photograph.

With Jenny behind the lens, she captioned the photo, 'Jason’s father stopped by to meet the baby. ( the apple is purely coincidental).'

Jason then took to his social media account to share a heart-warming video of the famed comedian playing with the newborn.

Sweet: Jason then took to his social media account to share a heart-warming video of the famed comedian playing with the newborn

Adorable: Dressed in a cozy white onesie with little black-and-white cheetah caricatures running across his body, the little guy was consumed with laughter

Lazlo wrapped his tiny hands around Eugene's finger as the duo stared into each other's eys with delight.

Dressed in a cozy white onesie with little black-and-white cheetah caricatures running across his body, the little guy was consumed with laughter.

'Laz’s first LOL,' Jason captioned the quick clip. 'I couldn’t make him laugh, so I had to bring in the big guns.'

Family: Biggs starred as Jim Levenstein in three of the comedies, while Levy portrayed the role of his father Noah in each of the eight movies made; seen on American Pie 3 in 2003

The American Pie franchise burst onto movie screens in 1999, with a total of four movies filmed in a 13-year time-span, in addition to four spin-off films released direct-to-video.

Biggs starred as Jim Levenstein in three of the comedies, while Levy portrayed the role of his father Noah in each of the eight movies made.

The four films released at the box office grossed nearly one billion dollars, each averaging approximately $247 million worldwide.

