https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-5656697/Married-Sight-star-sex-early-having-baby.html

Erica Tempesta, Erica Tempesta For Dailymail.Com

Married at First Sight star who had sex 'too early' is now having a baby

The season finale of Married at First Sight had a relatively happy ending with two out of three couples opting to continue their marriages — but in a surprising twist one pair of newlyweds has revealed that they have a baby on the way.

On Tuesday night's episode of the Lifetime reality series, Jephte Pierre, 26, and his wife Shawniece Jackson, 29, made the decision to stay together just two months after they met at the altar. However, Jephte was candid about his reservations about their relationship.

'I really like Shawniece, but I don't think we had sex when I was actually emotionally ready,' he told the show's relationship experts, leaving his wife looking a bit dismayed.

Scroll down for video

Close call: Jephte Pierre, 26, and his wife Shawniece Jackson, 29, made the decision to stay together on the season finale of Married at First Sight, but he had his reservations

Mom-to-be: Shawniece revealed she was pregnant before the finale, and she proudly showed off her baby bump in a maternity shoot

Jephte explained that he didn't want to tell Shawniece that they had sex too soon and that he 'wasn't mentally there yet' because he didn't want her to 'feel weird about it.'

'I can't remember the last time I had sex with someone I really, really cared about so I don't feel close to her because of sex,' he added. 'I don't think it will be ever because of sex that I care about Shawniece.'

After his confession, Jephte went on to lay all of his fears on the line.

'My biggest fear is that I don't fall in love with her,' he said. 'I feel like a love will have to occur but not like a passionate "in love." That's one of my biggest fears.'

When asked how she felt about Jephte's reservations, Shawniece admitted that it was a red flag that he might not ever love her, but she refused to dwell on it because she knew it would drive her crazy.

Distant: Jephte admitted that he feared that he would never passionately love his wife

Candid: Jephte confessed that they had sex before he was emotionally ready, and Shawniece acknowledged that he may not ever love her

Staying married: Despite his fears, Jephte said he ultimately believed that he and Shawniece were 'meant for each other'

In agreement: 'I want to stay married because I believe in us,' Shawniece told Jephte

There were undoubtedly more than a few fans who thought Jephte was gearing up to end the relationship, but the opposite occurred.

'I think you are a great person and you have such a big heart,' he said. 'I think we are meant for each other, so I'd like to stay married.'

Shawniece, who has a history of bursting into tears on the show, started to cry as she thanked the show's experts, explaining that she really prayed about what she should do about their marriage.

'I want you to know you're an awesome person, and I know you have a great heart,' she told Jephte. 'I want to stay married because I believe in us. We both challenge each other; we both make each other stronger, and together we will be unstoppable.'

Before the finale aired, it was revealed that Shawniece is expecting her first child. However, she never clearly stated that Jephte was the father.

The mom-to-be told People that she was 'absolutely shocked' when she found out she was pregnant, explaining that she was in the emergency room because she had no idea why she felt so sick.

Cheers! The couple shared a toast with the show's relationship experts in celebration of their decision

'Good day': Shawniece took to Twitter on Tuesday to reveal that she is pregnant

It's his! Jephte later confirmed that he is the father, saying he is about 'to be a pops'

'I’ve always wanted to be a mom. I’ve always felt like that’s my purpose in life — to recreate some little Shawnieces in life,' she said. 'I think it’s the greatest gift a woman can have. Life is a beautiful thing!'

Shawniece was likely trying to avoid spoiling the show's season finale, but Jephte later confirmed he was the father on Twitter.

'But hold up. I’m really bout to be a pops!!!! Can’t wait to hit them with the “Boy/girl if you don’t get your butt over!” Talking through me teeth - my little Haitian baby,' he wrote.

Ryan Buckley and his wife Jaclyn Schwartzberg, both 29, also agreed to stay together on last night's season finale despite their constant fighting.

He told the show's experts that he has learned to take a loss when they fight, insisting that makes him feel good that he is no longer trying to 'win the argument.'

Moving forward: Ryan Buckley and his wife Jaclyn Schwartzberg, both 29, also agreed to stay together on last night's season finale

Stressful moment: Ryan said he learned that arguments aren't about winning or losing, and Jaclyn agreed that their marriage was worth fighting for

During their most recent blow up, they both threatened divorce and Jaclyn actually gave him her wedding ring back.

Although she didn't look entirely convinced when her husband was speaking about everything he has learned, she also believed their marriage was worth fighting for.

'Jaclyn I feel really happy that I got the chance to meet you, and through and all of the highs and lows ... I do know that I want to stay married with you,' Ryan told her. 'You are the person that I want to be with and I want to do what I have to do to make you happy.'

'We have a whole other story to write and there's no other girl that I have eyes for,' he added.

Jaclyn told Ryan that she was falling in love with him more and more every day, and she was already looking to the future.

Sealed with a kiss: Ryan told Jaclyn that he doesn't have eyes for anyone else, and she admitted that she was falling in love with more and more every day

Look of love: 'I am picturing my future with Ryan to be a house filled with love and hopefully kids,' Jaclyn said of their future

'I am picturing my future with Ryan to be a house filled with love and hopefully kids and a family that will be adventurous and full of energy, I'm sure,' she said in her testimonial.

Jonathan Francetic, 29, and his estranged wife Molly Duff, 25, told their family and friends that they were getting a divorce on last week's episode, and they confirmed on the season finale that they weren't willing to give their marriage another go.

The two split after Jonathan filmed Molly calling him 'f******g disgusting' during one of their most explosive fights, revealing that she verbally abused him when they were off camera.

The two weren't even speaking the week before decision day, and they awkwardly chatted and laughed together on the couch, leaving the show's experts looking befuddled.

In an attempt to 'divorce with dignity,' they were asked to explain what they were grateful for in their marriage, and Molly said she never had to question if Jonathan was on the show for the wrong reasons.

Still on: Jonathan Francetic, 29, and his estranged wife Molly Duff, 25, confirmed that they still wanted to get a divorce after separating the week before

Not happy: 'I regret doing this because I lost my job over it. I don't have a place to live. I'm hitting the reset button on life at this point,' Jonathan said of being on the show

She also admitted that she was sorry for behavior in the weeks leading up to the end of their marriage.

However, when it was Jonathan's turn, he couldn't think of a single thing to say about his wife or marriage that he was grateful for.

Jonathan had given up his job in finance to be on the show, and he was also the only participant who got rid of his apartment instead of subletting it during the social experiment.

'I regret doing this because I lost my job over it. I don't have a place to live. I'm hitting the reset button on life at this point,' he said.

'Maybe that's a good thing,' Molly hit back.

'It could be,' Jonathan agreed, 'but i can't be grateful for something I don't know yet.'

Can you try? The show's relationship experts tried to convince them to get their marriage another chance because of their easy rapport and similar personalities

They're done! Jonathan and Molly both agreed that a divorce was the best option for them

Molly and Jonathan have repeatedly gushed about how similar they are, but she continuously insisted that she wasn't physically attracted to him.

She pointed out that Jonathan's behavior on decision day was exactly why she wasn't attracted to him.

'How can I be attracted when I feel like I am trying, trying, trying and none of it is getting any acknowledgement" she asked. 'Is anyone starting to see how this hasn't been all my fault?'

The experts tried to get the couple to reconsider their decision, and at one point they even asked Molly if she would be willing to stay with Jonathan if wanted to stay married.

However, they both agreed that a divorce was the best possible option for them.

