https://www.mirror.co.uk/tv/tv-news/celebrity-big-brother-chaos-two-11921536

Kyle O'Sullivan, Image, Lia Toby Wenn.Com, Pa

Celebrity Big Brother chaos as 'two men break into house' and leave terrified housemates begging for help

Get the biggest daily Celebrity Big Brother stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Celebrity Big Brother's live eviction was left in chaos as 'two men broke into house' as part of a risky stunt by known pranksters.

The terrified housemates were begging for help as the intruders got into the garden and started filming the celebs through the glass windows via cameras attached to their heads.

"Oh my god someone is trying to get in," shouted Ashley James , while Jess Impiazzi screamed: "Oh my god help me I'm scared".

This is the second time in a week that the same YouTubers, Ryan Taylor and Ally Law, have filmed themselves breaking into the world-famous house.

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

The worried celebs all turned round to see the commotion outside, while Wayne Sleep shouted: "Big Brother there are people in the house."

Confirming exactly what was happening, Courtney Act said: "Outside the house not in the house."

The shocking moment occurred just seconds before Emma Willis revealed that Dapper Laughs was the third celebrity of the night to be booted out.

Immediately before Daniel's name was read out, Courtney's attention was grabbed by a noise to her side.

Ashley and Jess' reactions proved how terrified they were and they were visibly shaking with fear, while the shutters started to come down to stop the men from looking into the house.

Daniel started saying goodbye to some of his fellow housemates, but they were still concerned by the intruders in the garden.

Host Emma Willis confirmed that the housemates were all fine and that the men didn't get into the actual house.

She said: "We have to say, people watching may have seen somebody get into the garden, Wayne mentioned it.

"Just so you know, everybody's fine. They didn't get into the house."

(Image: Lia Toby/WENN.com) (Image: PA)

The pranksters burst out laughing as they scaled down from the roof and into the CBB garden.

Ryan Taylor and Ally Law, who film videos of themselves carrying off daring challenges like climbing cranes and sneaking into abandoned properties, managed to get as far as the front door in their last stunt

But during Friday night's triple eviction they got a lot further, with Ryan boasting: "You didn't think we'd do it again?"

It seems the YouTube pranksters may have posed as maintenance or construction workers as Ally wore a bright yellow fluorescent jacket with a GoPro camera strapped to his head, which may have helped them evade security.

The security blunder will come as a blow to Channel 5 bosses, who stress the importance of having zero contact with the outside world to all the housemates before they enter the house.

Just last week the same pair got into the premises in Boreham Wood and filmed the action on SnapChat.

They filmed CBB housemates including Jonny Mitchell , Ginuwine, Dapper Laughs and John Barnesstanding around and chatting in the living room area through what seemed to be a hole in the front door, the Sun reports.

After the shocking incident on Friday night, host Emma Willis quickly confirmed that the housemates were all fine and that the men didn't get into the actual house.

She said: "We have to say, people watching may have seen somebody get into the garden, Wayne mentioned it.

"Just so you know, everybody's fine. They didn't get into the house."

A Big Brother spokesperson said: "Two intruders attempted to enter the Big Brother house on Friday night. They were apprehended by security in the garden. Police were in attendance and removed them from site. Big Brother has reassured the housemates and all is calm in the house."

* Celebrity Big Brother airs every night on Channel 5 at 9.00pm

