https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-6438405/Jennifer-Aniston-49-tons-THERAPY-split-husband-Justin-Theroux.html

Heidi Parker, Heidi Parker For Dailymail.Com

Jennifer Aniston, 49, had tons of THERAPY to get over split from husband Justin Theroux

Jennifer Aniston split from her second husband, Justin Theroux, in February.

And the 49-year-old Friends vet told the Hollywood Foreign Press recently she got over the heartbreak with frequent therapy sessions, according to UsWeekly.

'It takes a lot of therapy but you do absolutely get over it,' she was heard saying. A source for the magazine added that she was very careful to 'take care of herself' after the split.

She leaned on her therapist: Jennifer Aniston split from her second husband, Justin Theroux, in February. And the 49-year-old Friends vet told the Hollywood Foregign Press recently she got over the heartbreak with tons of therapy, according to UsWeekly. Seen in July 2017

Happy as a single woman: The Emmy winner dazzled on the red carpet in June

In 2015 Aniston told The Hollywood Reporter she had it rougher when she split form husband Brad Pitt because her therapist had died,

'It was at a crazy time, right when we were going through our divorce and everything,' said the blonde beauty.

'But I learned so much in the four years I worked with her, that when she did pass away I remember thinking, "Wow, everything that we talked about and discussed, it's allowed me to be really peaceful about it all."'

The beauty - who is starring in the new movie Dumplin' - added that all the scrutiny that came with the split from Theroux - who has since moved from LA to NYC - was hard to deal with.

Healthy solution: 'It takes a lot of therapy but you do absolutely get over it,' she was heard saying. A source for the magazine added that she was very careful to 'take care of herself' after the split. Seen in January 2016

And now it's worse with social media, especially earlier this year when haters said she could not stay married.

'I don't love being famous because I don't love the negativity and judgment that comes along with it.

'I don't know if that's the internet and faceless people being able to have have a platform but I think it just makes it grow like cancer.'

And she told InStyle, 'There are definitely moments of not being balanced and poised, but I do that all in my own personal space. For the most part I can sit back and laugh at the ridiculous headlines because they have gotten more and more absurd. I guess they’re feeding into some sort of need the public has, but I focus on my work, my friends, my animals, and how we can make the world a better place. That other stuff is junk food that needs to go back in its drawer.'

Don't judge her! The beauty - who is starring in the new movie Dumplin' - added that all the scruntiny that came with the split was hard to deal with. And now it's worse with social media, especially earlier this year when haters said she could not stay married. Seen in February 2017

A source said these days Jen is just fine. 'She’s doing her thing exactly the way she wants to do it and really enjoying life,' the insider noted.

And Aniston, who used to be married to Brad Pitt before he met Angelina Jolie, 'believes that whatever her path is, it will present itself the way it should.'

It was added, 'She's all about taking care of herself.'

So far she has not seemed to date anyone while Justin has been linked to several women such as Laura Harrier.

Close to home: In her next movie, Dumplin', she plays a mom obsessed with beauty who ignores her daughter

Like her mom? Jennifer has said that her mother was a beauty queen and cared too much about looks, so it was easy for her to relate to the character

Aniston spoke out about the split to InStyle this summer: 'First, with all due respect, I’m not heartbroken. And second, those are reckless assumptions.

'No one knows what’s going on behind closed doors. No one considers how sensitive that might be for my partner and me. They don’t know what I’ve been through medically or emotionally.'

Her new movie Dumplin' hits close to home: she has said that like her beauty pageant star mother, her own mom was obsessed with beauty and things that were not important: 'She was very critical of me. Because she was a model, she was gorgeous, stunning, I wasn't - I never was.'

