https://www.brides.com/story/demi-lovato-helps-friend-stage-proposal-at-her-concert

Blair Donovan

Here's Where to Get Demi Lovato's Exact Bridesmaid Dress—for Less Than $100

Demi Lovato is no stranger to walking down the aisle (onscreen, that is)—the 26-year-old singer staged a fictional wedding to Grey's Anatomy heartthrob Jesse Williams for her dramatic "Tell Me You Love Me" music video last December. And now, Lovato had her real-life turn down the aisle—not like that—serving as a bridesmaid at her longtime friend's wedding over the weekend.

The "Sorry Not Sorry" vocalist took to Instagram on Monday to share two selfies in her navy bridesmaid getup. The ensemble featured a V-neck lace gown (hello, bridesmaid dress inspo), matching diamond earrings and necklace, black nail polish, and a glowing, natural makeup look. She also glammed up her dark tresses with loose, cascading waves.

"I was a bridesmaid yesterday for my sister/ former babysitter/friend of 23 years," Lovato captioned the social media snippet. "I love you @jennaschubart. 🖤 What a perfect wedding for a perfect couple!! #MrandMrsSmith." The photo's tag—Clermont, Florida—highlighted the wedding locale.

And, leave it to the Internet to quickly track down Lovato's exact frock—HelloGiggles reports that Twitter fan page Demi Lovato’s Closet identified the navy number as the "Awaken My Love Long Sleeve Lace Maxi Dress" from Lulus. The best part? Not only can your 'maids buy their own versions in one of six different colors, but the open-back garment will only set them back $86 (a true bridesmaid dress steal). Plus, take note, brides—you can also join the waitlist to snag the gown in white.

Lulus Awaken My Love Navy Blue Long Sleeve Lace Maxi Dress

Courtesy of Lulus

SHOP NOW: Lulus, $86

As for the rest of the wedding, Lovato further documented the day on her Instagram story, posting another selfie with her half sister, actress Madison De La Garza. "Baby sis 🖤," she captioned the close-up. She honed in on the newlyweds as well, sharing a glimpse of their first dance beneath string lights and a romantic chandelier. "Congrats to my sis @jennaschubart and her new hubby Lee!!" she wrote, tagging bride Jenna Schubart. Per her posts, Lovato's mother and stepfather later took the dance floor for their own adorable spin. "Mom and Dad forever," she wrote atop the video.

See more: Demi Lovato Helps Friend Stage Proposal at Her Concert

