https://www.townandcountrymag.com/society/tradition/a10160941/kate-middleton-affordable-outfit/

Caroline Hallemann, Senior Digital News Editor, As The Senior Digital News Editor For Town, Country, Caroline Hallemann Covers Everything The British Royal Family To The Latest Episodes Of Outlander, Killing Eve, The Crown.

Duchess Kate's Nautical Style Is Surprisingly Affordable

Getty Images

Duchess Kate is a fan of high-end fashion brands like Alexander McQueen, Emilia Wickstead, and Jenny Packham, but even she can't resist a great deal from Zara or J.Crew.

Last week, the Duchess of Cambridge visited the 1851 Trust, an organization that gives young people the chance to experience sailing, while also encouraging an interest in the environment and the fields of science, technology, engineering, and math. In honor of the organization's focus on boating, the Duchess went all out in a nautical-themed look, and fortunately for us, it's one outfit that won't break the bank...that is, if you can get your hands on the pieces.

Kate's wide-leg sailor-inspired trousers with gold detailing are from J.Crew, and while they have already sold out, like everything the Duchess touches, J.Crew's factory site has a look-a-like style in stock.

Buy Now J.Crew Nautical Pants, $49.99



Her tweed, pointy-toe heels, also from J.Crew, have sold out as well, but you can still shop Kate's Superga sneakers, which she changed into before stepping aboard the ship.

The Duchess of Cambridge’s J. Crew pumps. Getty Images

The sleek single-button white blazer is a piece that Kate's worn once before, while on the Royal Tour of Canada last fall. The older style is from Zara, and while it's no longer available, here's a similar jacket from J.Crew, and another from Nordstrom.

Finally, the simple jewelry Kate wore for the event is still available, though at two drastically different price points. For those on a budget, take a look at Kate's much-beloved Mirabelle Lolita earrings; they'll cost you just £35. Her Ballon Bleu de Cartier watch, on the other hand? They start around $4,600.

