https://people.com/parents/dieter-schmitz-welcomes-first-child-son-nico-josef/

Maria Pasquini

Laguna Beach Alum Dieter Schmitz and His Wife Welcome Their First Child: 'We Love You So Much!'

Laguna Beach’s Dieter Schmitz is officially a dad.

Schmitz, 32, announced on Sunday that he and his wife Isabell Hiebl welcomed their first child, son Nico Josef Schmitz.

“Isabel and I welcomed our baby boy, Nico Josef Schmitz, on 9/8/2018 at 9:10 AM!” he excitedly wrote alongside a photo of the new mom giving the couple’s bundle of joy some skin-to-skin contact in the hospital.

In the photo, Hiebl proudly smiled at the camera while little Nico appeared to be taking a nap.

“May you make the world a better place and have a tremendously healthy and fulfilling life. We love you so much!” he added.

Image zoom Isabell Schmitz/Instagram

Fellow MTV reality star Lauren Conrad quickly offered up a warm congratulations to her pal, commenting with numerous yellow heart emojis.

Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Parents newsletter.

RELATED: Lauren Conrad, Stephen Colletti and More Laguna Beach Stars Reunite for Dieter Schmitz’s Wedding – See the Pics

Schmitz first announced that the couple were expecting a child in March.

Alongside a photo of the couple’s dog wearing a sign that read, “Mom & Dad are getting me a human due: Sep. 10, 2018,” he excitedly confirmed that their “family is growing!!!”

The sweet image also contained a sonograph photograph, some baby clothes, and a sign reading, “Our greatest adventure begins September 2018.”

In a touching nod to his roots, in July, the former reality star announced that the “growing Schmitz family” was moving back to Orange County, California.

Later that month, he shared a photograph from Laguna Beach as he remarked that it was “so great to be back.”

RELATED VIDEO: MTV Announces The Hills Reboot at the 2018 VMAs

The couple tied the knot in August 2016, and several of his Laguna Beach co-stars served as groomsmen, including Stephen Colletti, Trey Phillips and Loren Polster.

RELATED: Stephen Colletti Teases a Laguna BeachReunion: ‘They’ve Been Putting Out Some Phone Calls’

Conrad was also in attendance, posing alongside her friend on Instagram Stories and posting a sweet picture of the happy couple on her official account.

“Congrats to @dieterschmitz and @isathebell !!!” she captioned the shot. “We are so happy for you two!!! XOXO #dizzy4schmitz.”

