https://www.onenewspage.com/n/Entertainment/1zj72bkhpq/Below-Deck-Med-Season-Trailer-Promises-Fires.htm



One News Page



California fines CVS $3.6 million for failing to recycle SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — California is fining the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider a record $3.6 million for failing to redeem deposits on...







Canada charges Volkswagen over diesel emissions scandal Volkswagen faces dozens of charges in Canada over faking emissions tests. The German car giant is the target of lawsuits in over 50 countries, with the...







Stephen Strasburg, Nationals reach record $245M, 7-year deal Stephen Strasburg is returning to Washington with a record contract, and fellow free agent pitcher Gerrit Cole could be in line for an even larger payday.







Walmart Canada pulls sweater of Santa with what looks like cocaine Walmart Canada apologized on Monday for listing on its website a Christmas sweater that featured an illustration appearing to depict Santa getting ready to...







Juice WRLD autopsy results inconclusive, 'additional studies' needed to determine rapper's cause of death The autopsy performed on late rapper Juice WRLD on Monday was inconclusive and further tests were needed to determine exactly how he died, the Cook County...







Proton Packs Are Back in ‘Ghostbusters: Afterlife’ Trailer 'Ghostbusters: Afterlife' hits theaters on July 10, 2020. (Photo Credit: Sony Pictures Entertainment / YouTube) A new generation sports proton packs and hunts...







Amazon lawsuit blames Trump for loss of Pentagon cloud contract Amazon.com Inc on Monday accused U.S. President Donald Trump of exerting "improper pressure" and bias that led the Department of Defense to award a lucrative $10...







MOVIE REVIEW: Charlie's Angels by Graham Pierrepoint - CHARLIE’S ANGELS IMDb Dir: Elizabeth Banks Starring Kristen Stewart, Naomi Scott, Ella Balinska, Elizabeth Banks, Djimon...







Marianne Williamson Deletes Tweet Slamming Trump For ‘Pardoning Charles Manson’, Which Never Happened Author and 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Marianne Williamson slammed President Donald Trump for purportedly pardoning the late murderous cult leader...







First 'Ghostbusters: Afterlife' trailer entrusts Ecto-1 to Egon's grandkids Nearly a year after audiences got a super short tease of the new Ghostbusters movie, we finally have a full trailer. Ghostbusters: Afterlife is a continuation of...







U.S. Supreme Court rejects inmate's bid for sex reassignment surgery The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday refused to hear an appeal by a convicted murderer who filed a civil rights lawsuit because Texas prison officials denied her...







U.S. Supreme Court rejects Arizona opioid case against Purdue, Sackler family The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday turned away a novel case by Arizona seeking to recover billions of dollars that the state has said that members of the Sackler...







Flying Cars Could Lure Investors Away From Ground-Based Services: Survey Electric air taxis — known colloquially, if somewhat misleadingly, as “flying cars” — could draw millions of investor dollars away from ground-based...







Elizabeth Warren discloses she made nearly $2 million in legal work Sen. Elizabeth Warren's campaign has revealed the majority of the paychecks she received during her time as a lawyer, a move that comes on the heels of repeated...







Kosovo, Albania to boycott Nobel Literature award ceremony PRISTINA, Kosovo (AP) — Kosovo and Albania say they will boycott the Nobel Literature Prize ceremony Tuesday to protest the award being given to Austrian...







TV reporter smacked on bottom during live broadcast: 'You violated, objectified, and embarrassed me' Authorities promise to take action against runner after WSAV New's Alex Bozarjian assaulted while covering road race in Georgia







Pensacola Navy base shooting victim 'saved countless lives,' family says Joshua Watson was shot at least five times, according to his dad. After being shot, he reached first responders and gave a description of the shooter.







Saudi King Salman condemns Florida shooting The King also affirmed that the perpetrator of this heinous crime does not represent the Saudi people.







FDA probes diabetes drug metformin for carcinogen NDMA The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is investigating whether the diabetes drug metformin had unsafe levels of a cancer-causing chemical and will recommend...





