https://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-body/news/kylie-jenner-says-she-needs-to-lose-20-pounds/

Sarah Hearon

Kylie Jenner Says She ‘Needs to Lose 20 Pounds’





Determined to get her body back. After welcoming daughter Stormi a little more than two months ago, Kylie Jenner revealed she thinks she needs to lose weight.

”I need to lose 20 pounds but this just looks too good!” the 20-year-old reality star said in the background of a Snapchat of someone cutting freshly baked rolls on Thursday, April 5.

Jenner gave birth to her first child with boyfriend Travis Scott on February 1. After keeping a low profile throughout her pregnancy (she never even confirmed she was expecting), the Lip Kit creator opened up about her experience and even revealed in a since-deleted tweet that she gained 40 pounds when she was pregnant.

my angel baby is 1 month old today A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Mar 1, 2018 at 2:50pm PST

“there really was no worst part! probably not being able to eat sushi lol,” Jenner replied to a fan on Twitter who asked for “deets” about her pregnancy on March 11. “I had such a perfect experience. she moved a lot.”

The Life of Kylie star also revealed her pregnancy cravings included Eggo waffles. “Eggos!!! I never liked them before i was pregnant & haven’t had one since i had her. so strange! Lol,” she tweeted at the time.

Jenner may think she needs to lose weight, but she has also showed off her post-baby body on multiple occasions, including at Tristan Thompson’s birthday party on March 10, and on her Snapchat on March 25.

As previously reported, the Kylie Cosmetics creator received backlash for posting a photo using a Waist Gang Society waist trainer less than two months after giving birth. Amid the controversy, Texas-based Ob-Gyn Dr. Cynthia Robbins told Us Weekly that Jenner should avoid wearing the product.

“A waist trainer is a very tight garment that can be clinched tighter and tighter to pull in the floating rib and anatomically compress,” she explained to Us. “After the delivery of a baby, the body has had ligaments and cartilage softened by a hormone named Relaxin. This hormone has been produced at the end of pregnancy to allow for structure shifting as the baby moves through the birth canal. I advise patients to wear a support wrap or belly wrap postpartum to stabilize the patient’s pelvis so that it is held in place and no longer shifts.”

While Jenner may be hoping to shed her pregnancy weight soon, a source previously told Us Weekly that 25-year-old Scott “reassures her there’s no need to hide her body.”

