https://www.etonline.com/pregnant-claire-danes-says-filming-homeland-during-first-trimester-was-embarrassing-100655

Rachel Mcrady

Pregnant Claire Danes Says Filming ‘Homeland’ During First Trimester Was 'Embarrassing'

Claire Danes may have put her pregnancy out in the open on Wednesday, but while she was filming the most recent season of Homeland, she had to keep quiet.

“I’m knocked up!” she jokingly announced on Wednesday’s Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.

The 39-year-old actress revealed she was in her first trimester of pregnancy while filming her hit drama, calling the time her “least favorite phase.”

“You just feel horrible. You just feel rotten and you’re not allowed to say why,” she explained to host Fallon. “I was filming quite a lot and just inadvertently falling asleep all the time. It was just embarrassing.”

Revealing she “face planted” onto a crocheted bag in between takes, Danes noted that she had a rude awakening when it was time for her close up.

“I have this crocheted indentation all on the side of my face. It looked like I had third degree burns,” she said of the marks. “They were massaging my face. They had to get out the blow dryer. I halted production for a good half an hour. I felt like an idiot.”

These days, she’s in the “cruisy second trimester.”

“It gets a little excited when I have a chocolate bar. It’s moving and kicking,” she said of her second child. “I love that part. It’s like a fireworks show every so often. It’s really cool and a little creepy. It is, it’s like an alien being in there, cohabitating, yeah, AirBNB.”

Danes announced her second pregnancy during Howard Stern’s SiriusXM show on Wednesday after being asked about the love scenes on Homeland, which airs Sundays at 9 p.m. ET/PT on Showtime.

The actress and her husband, Hugh Dancy, are already parents to 5-year-old son Cyrus.

For more from the couple, watch the clip below!

RELATED CONTENT:

Claire Danes Announces She's Pregnant With Baby No. 2!

Claire Danes and Jim Parsons Praise the 'Universal' Story of 'A Kid Like Jake' in First Look (Exclusive)

EXCLUSIVE: How Real-Life Political Twists Kept Claire Danes on Her Toes

Related Gallery

