https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5645477/Channing-Tatum-hangs-Bachelor-Arie-Luyendyk-Jr-appearance-marriage-split.html

Dailymail.Com Reporter

Channing Tatum hangs out with 'Bachelor' Arie Luyendyk Jr.

He announced his split from wife Jenna Dewan three weeks ago.

And on Sunday Channing Tatum made his first public appearance since the separation at the Honda Indy Grand Prix in Birmingham, Alabama.

The actor, who has ditched his wedding ring, was hanging out at the race track with The Bachelor's Arie Luyendyk Jr.

Scroll down for video

Hanging out: Channing Tatum made his first public appearance since his split from Jenna Dewan at the Honda Indy Grand Prix in Alabama Sunday with The Bachelor's Arie Luyendyk Jr.

Tatum served as grand marshal for the event and took a spin with Luyendyk in the official pace car that led the field to the start.

'Such a great dude!' Luyendyk Jr., 36, said of the actor, 37, as he posted pics of them in their matching red and black Honda racing suits to his Instagram.

Tatum also posted several snaps to his Instagram, returning to the platform for the first time since his marriage breakup.

'Crazy fast couple laps in the rain!! Thanks @ariejr!' he wrote.

Newly single: Tatum, who has ditched his wedding ring, served as grand marshal for the event. Luyendyk Jr. posted pics of them in their red and black Honda racing suits to Instagram

Fun time: Luyendyk Jr., 36, who took the actor, 37, for a spin in the two-seat official Honda race car, described Tatum as 'Such a great dude!'

Back online: Tatum also shared some pics from his day to his Instagram, marking his return to the social media platform for the first time since his marriage breakup

In an official statement he released, the actor said: 'I’m honored to be serving as the grand marshal for the Honda Indy Grand Prix of Alabama. I have always loved the excitement of a great race and it’s a privilege to be back in my home state for this event.'

The Magic Mike star also helped the reality hunk send a special social media message to fiancee Lauren Burnham who wasn't at the race.

Luyendyk tweeted a short video as a surprise for the blonde he chose to be his bride on the ABC show.

In the clip, Tatum says: 'What’s up, Lauren. I’m about to do something stupid.'

'And we wish you were here, obviously,' Luyendyk chimed in.

'Yes,' said Tatum, laughing.

Getting wed: Luyendyk proposed to Lauren Burhman on ABC's The Bachelor. While she wasn't with hi and Tatum on Sunday, she did join him at the Long Beach Grand Prix last weekend

Tatum and Dewan announced the end of their almost nine year marriage on April 2.

They had met on the set of the Dance movie Step Up in 2006 and share a four-year-old daughter Everly.

Last week, Dewan returned to social media having dropped Tatum from her name and without her wedding band.

Moving on: Last week, Dewan returned to social media having dropped Tatum from her name and without her wedding band posing in lingerie photos

