https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5668225/Kanye-West-dances-John-Legend-baby-shower-pals-Twitter-drama-them.html

Christine Rendon, Christine Rendon For Dailymail.Com

Kanye West dances with John Legend at Chrissy Teigen's baby shower

He found himself in the center of Kanye West's Twitter drama just one day ago, after the rapper posted their text messages online.

But that was all water under the bridge for long-time friends John Legend and Kanye, as they celebrated Chrissy Teigen's baby shower on Friday.

The pals danced to a new song by Kanye about the 'sunken place', and even posed together for a photo.

What drama? John Legend and Kanye West set their recent Twitter drama behind them as they took a photo and danced together at Chrissy Teigen's baby shower

It certainly seemed as if John was a fan of the song, as the pair bobbed their heads while listening alongside fellow party guests.

Kanye also posted a video of the Ordinary People singer playing the piano.

'Lead with love,' Kanye captioned the video.

The pair seem to have put the bizarre Twitter drama behind them as they enjoyed time with their loved ones.

New hit! It certainly seemed as if John was a fan of the song, as the pair bobbed their heads while listening alongside fellow party guests

On Thursday, Kanye took to Twitter to post his text messages with John, and accused the singer of 'manipulating my free thought.'

In the text messages, John urged Kanye to reconsider aligning himself with President Donald Trump, after the rapper showed his support for the politician during his lengthy Twitter tirade on Wednesday, even posting an autographed MAGA hat online.

Donald was clearly a fan of Kanye's message, re-tweeting him and adding, 'Thank you Kanye, very cool!'

Party time: Jesse Tyler Ferguson was among the guests to celebrate Teigen's baby boy

'You're way too powerful and influential to endorse who he is and what he stands for,' John, who has been vocal about his distaste for the 45th president, wrote in his text message. 'As you know, what you say really means something to your fans.

'They are loyal to you and respect your opinion. So many people who love you feel so betrayed right now because they know the harm that Trump's policies cause, especially to people of color. Don't let this be part of your legacy. You're the greatest artist of our generation.'

Kanye replied, 'I love you John and I appreciate your thoughts. You bringing up my fans or my legacy is a tactic based on fear used to manipulate my free thought.'

Piano man: West shared a video of Legend playing the piano, which he captioned, 'Lead with love'

It did not end there as Kanye posted the continuation of their conversation as John urged him to: 'Think freely. Think with empathy and context too. Your words and actions have consequences. Much love.'

John even poked fun at Kanye for posting their private messages on the popular micro-blogging site as he took the opportunity to plug his latest track called A Good Night.

The talented crooner wrote: 'And since you're posting texts, let me add that I have a new single out haha'.

No time for drama: The pair seem to have put the bizarre Twitter drama behind them as they enjoyed time with their loved ones

Kanye explained why he made the decision to post their text thread to show that there was a contentious but respectful discourse between the two of them.

He said: 'I tweeted the John text to show that there are people around me that disagree with me and voice their opinion. I respect everyone's opinion but I stand my ground.'

Kanye, who also said in his Twitter rant that he was a fan of Hillary Clinton, went on to explain that he wanted to show people that he was empathetic as empathy isn't the first thing people think when it comes to a Trump supporter.

Kanye wrote: 'I really appreciate this dialogue with John Legend because I'm actually very empathetic. Im still the kid from the telethon. I feel when people think of MAGA they don't think of empathy.'

