http://www.bravotv.com/the-daily-dish/danielle-staub-ex-husband-marty-caffrey-children-relationship-explained

Laura Rosenfeld

Danielle Staub Speaks Out on Her Relationship with Marty Caffrey's Children

The Real Housewives of New Jersey mom doesn't believe she's to blame for her ex's relationship with his kids.

Danielle Staub's road to the altar hasn't exactly been a smooth one, as we've seen this season of The Real Housewives of New Jersey. Not only has her wedding prep put a strain on her friendship with Margaret Josephs, but it has also put a microscope on some of the challenges in her relationship with her groom, Marty Caffrey.

Specifically, Danielle's revelation in Wednesday night's episode of RHONJ that she doesn't get along with Marty's three children left the rest of the Garden State crew speechless. "I command respect," Danielle shared during the episode. "If you're not going to respect me, stay out of my space."

Marty then said that no one is responsible for how this situation turned out, and he concluded the conversation by expressing how painful it has been to see his kids and his future wife at odds. "I chose you at the detriment of them and my relationship with them," he said to Danielle on RHONJ. "And therefore, we have to move on. Life is short. That's all I have to say."

Danielle addressed her comments about Marty's children in an Instagram post published in advance of the episode airing on Wednesday, December 19. "Here’s my message. I love all children of all ages! Keep in mind [that] his kids are well into their 30s. They are adults living on their own," Danielle wrote in an Instagram post that featured a photo of herself with Margaret, Melissa Gorga, and Teresa Giudice while they were in Bimini in the Bahamas for her wedding. "They should’ve respected their father and not made him choose between us! I enforced and supported his relationship [with] them. He chose not to speak to them and I won’t shoulder his decision or theirs!"

The other members of the RHONJ squad offer up their take on this tense dinner moment in The Real Housewives of New Jersey Season 9 After Show, which you can check out, above.

Danielle and Marty tied the knot on May 5, and two months later, reports began to surface of trouble in the RHONJ couple's marriage. It was then reported that the couple had filed temporary restraining orders against one another following an incident at their home in August, which were eventually dropped.

Marty filed for divorce from Danielle in August. Danielle spoke out about her split on The Wendy Williams Show in October. “It’s funny how I saw certain things happening, but you just believe, especially with the perception around us, getting engaged would make it better … getting married would make it better," she shared. "It doesn’t get better, ladies. If it’s falling apart, it’s broken. You can't fix that.”

The couple continued to live together following their breakup. It was later reported that Marty had put their New Jersey home on the market, which Danielle only found out about after the fact online.

Earlier this month, Danielle was reportedly spotted getting cozy with R&B singer Al B. Sure in New York City.

Look back on Danielle and Marty's destination wedding trip, below.

