https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/john-boyega-letitia-wright-internets-new-favorite-couple-couple-163552007.html

Suzy Byrne, Editor, Yahoo Entertainment

John Boyega and Letitia Wright are the internet's new favorite couple, but are they a couple?

Letitia Wright and John Boyega arrive at the 2018 Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala: “Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination” on May 7. (Photo: Principia/Splash News )

John Boyega and Letitia Wright were the perfect pair at Monday’s Met Gala.

When the Star Wars actor, 26, picked up the Avengers: Infinity War and Black Panther actress, 24, at the Carlyle hotel en route to the Metropolitan Museum of Art for the fashion megaevent, he ‘shipped her appropriately. “Look at her! Look at her! Look at her!” he gushed as she climbed into the car all pumped up. “Look at this! You look ahhhh.” His video cuts off before he finished, but we’ll go ahead and finish for him: You look ahhhh-mazing.

John Boyega is truly worshiping Letitia Wright the way she deserves! pic.twitter.com/YLajcg1IuZ — tha'challa iw spoilers (@wakandapwr) May 8, 2018





Boyega and Wright walked the famous stairs red carpet, posing together perfectly. They partied together inside, with Wright marveling at all the “black excellence” at the event. Note: You may need sunglasses before hitting Play, ’cause there’s a lot of star power in these videos.

















But really before they even made their way up the staircase, the internet had basically already fallen in love with the pairing we didn’t even know we needed.

letitia wright and john boyega at the met gala (2018), oil on canvas, artist: god himself pic.twitter.com/PtH7DSlIFM — thor’s gf pau (@tomshuri) May 8, 2018





john boyega and letitia wright, that's it that's the tweet — nazifa (@walIylinda) May 8, 2018





JOHN BOYEGA AND LETITIA WRIGHT ??? A DUO I DIDNT KNOW I NEEDED BUT I FUCKING LOVE #METgala pic.twitter.com/wc93geOFsO — bell ✩⋆ in mourning (@SpiderlingTom) May 8, 2018









Though rightfully there were questions. The main one being: Yes, they’re a pair on the red carpet, but are they also a romantic pair?

wait Letitia Wright and John Boyega are really together? — allison (@AlliApplebum) May 8, 2018





John Boyega and Letitia Wright are dating?!?!? — Caden Mark Gardner (@cadenmgardner) May 8, 2018





What a great pair!! Are they dating? Letitia Wright brings John Boyega to the Met Gala. pic.twitter.com/gPwVDh02S1 — Clint Romero (@BlackKingClint1) May 8, 2018





People weren’t sure, but they continued to hop on board the Wright-Boy train.

Was I supposed to know that Letitia Wright and John Boyega are dating because this is legit brand new information for me and it makes me super happy — Hil (@ladyxboheme_) May 8, 2018





I know it’s a sin to say this, but DANG they look so good together #letitiawright #JohnBoyega pic.twitter.com/DTMRJk3M5K — My parents: Tom and Zendaya (@CamtheP) May 8, 2018









Literally nothing would make me happier than seeing John Boyega and Letitia Wright date — camila✨ (@camilatweets) May 8, 2018





The internet even cast them in future projects because based simply on this appearance their chemistry was real.

@letitiawright and @JohnBoyega were SLAYING IT last night. I need a movie with these two costarring immediately. pic.twitter.com/4of88lR3x1 — Kathryn America (@marvel_kathryn) May 8, 2018





The internet also merged their movie taglines because of course the force should be with Wakanda.

I totally ship John Boyega and Letitia Wright now. May the force be with Wakanda ‍♀️ — Cierra (@blissfulhoying) May 8, 2018





So what is the deal? Boyega later wrote on Instagram that, before they were famous, he and Wright, who both grew up in London, used to talk “about the future in McDonald’s after drama classes.” He ended the post with, “Look at God and look at this amazing woman.”





So we loved that story hard, but we were still confused. Friends? Lovers? What’s up? Let’s toss it to Wright.

