https://www.today.com/parents/40-last-minute-mother-s-day-gifts-she-ll-really-t90106



45 last-minute Mother's Day gifts for Mom 2019

Our editors have independently selected the items featured in this article because we think they’re worth knowing about. Shop TODAY has affiliate relationships so we may get a small share of the revenue if you buy something through our links.

Mother's Day is almost here! But there's no need to panic ... yet. If you still haven't found the perfect gift, there's just enough time to order something personal from the comfort of your couch with standard shipping. It can take up to two weeks.

If you're tired of getting your mother the sameboring gift every year, these picks will help shake things up! From matching mommy-and-me aprons to DIY photo bookmarks, these unusual and inventive products are sure to brighten up any mom's special day.

This year, Good Housekeeping's style director, Lori Bergamotto, stopped by TODAY with some last-minute gifts we're sure Mom will love. From next-level sleep masks to floral vases, wow her with a classic gift with a twist.

1. My Family Cookbook, $30, UncommonGoods

This book is perfect for the mother who wants to pass recipes on to her kids. With enough pages to hold more than 80 recipes, there's room for every handed-down recipe. There's even space for conversion tables, photo galleries and family comments, as well as introductory pages that provide tips and cooking guides for new chefs.

2. Prosource Fit Acupressure Mat and Pillow Set, $17, Amazon

Moms often deal with stress and insomnia — but this affordable, innovative acupressure mat can help them relax. Covered in "needles," it helps with pain reduction, relaxation and stress relief, and provides increased energy and better blood circulation. All your mom needs to do is lie down on it for 10-30 minutes a day.

3. Weighted Sleeping Mask, $25, Target

If Mom always says that all she wants for Mother's Day is the chance to sleep in, this weighted eye mask might be the perfect gift. With soothing microbeads and a pull-through slit that eliminates the need for snaps or hooks, it's more comfortable than most masks and has cool or warm sides depending on what your mom prefers.

4. Customized Kendra Scott Necklace, $85, Kendra Scott

Forget macaroni necklaces — use the Kendra Scott Color Bar to create a one-of-a-kind personalized piece of jewelry. With dozens of options, you'll be able to make something truly unique that she'll love to wear.

5. "I Love You Mom and Here’s Why" Journal, $13, Paper Source

Tell your mom why you love her with this sweet journal. With space for special memories, funny stories and those often unexpressed feelings, you can fill every page of this book with beautiful words for your mom.

6. Barr-Co. Bath Bomb Set, $40, Bloomingdale's

Mom rarely has time for a spa appointment, so bring the spa to her! These all have aromatherapeutic scents for ultimate relaxation. The fizzy bomb injects some fun into her next soak.

7. Leatherology Photo Envelope, $35 (+$10 and up for monogram), Leatherology

There's still time to grab her something personalized, like these monogrammed leather envelope wallets from Leatherology. You can pick the color for no extra cost, and you can add a small monogram for just a few dollars more. Just make sure to order by noon Central Standard Time on Thursday for Mother's Day delivery.

8. Revlon One-Step Hair Dryer & Volumizer, $60, Amazon

Mom will love the practicality of this one-step hair dryer (in the shape of a round brush). Her absolute favorite feature will be the speed — in minutes, it'll look like she just stepped out of a professional salon.

9. The Comfy: Original Blanket Sweatshirt, $34, Amazon

Combining the softness of a blanket with the wearability of a sweatshirt, this silly-looking sweatshirt is perfect for lounging around the house. She'll never be cold again.

10. Leah Goren Marcella Vase, $24, Anthropologie

Vases are a beautiful Mother’s Day gift, and this collaboration between Brooklyn artist Leah Goren and Anthropologie makes them more special than ever.

11. Nixplay Digital Wi-Fi Frame, $150+, Amazon

Nixplay cloud digital photo frames are the easiest way to get display with your photos. Place the digital frame in your loved one's home and easily email or send photos using the app, eliminating the need to print and re-frame photos every time you want to display something new.

12. Women's Timex Crystal Bloom Watch With Leather Strap, $50, Target

Think Mom will like it? We do. This Timex watch is feminine and sophisticated, just like her. She’ll be sure to think of you every time she glances down at her wrist.

13. Happy Home Box, $38, Lilly Pulitzer

Stuff We Love Get a daily roundup of items that will make your life easier, healthier and more stylish. This site is protected by recaptcha Privacy Policy | Terms of Service

Is your mom a Lilly fan? If so, this journal and candle set from Lilly Pulitzer will surely bring a smile to her face. It comes in a special gift box, too. No wrapping required.

Also, check out the You're a Star Gift Box — a bracelet and jewelry tray are inside.

14. Homebodii Sofia Kimono Robe, $79, Nordstrom

This robe from Australia-based Homebodii is soft and lightweight. Mommy-and-me styles are also available on the brand's website.

15. Alex and Ani Because I Love You, Mom Bracelet, $26 (usually $28), Amazon

Mom will cherish this bangle from Alex and Ani. The charm is adorned with the brand’s signature expandable wire bracelet. Stack others from the collection to complete the look.

16. Dooney & Bourke Crossbody, $188, Macy’s

A new leather crossbody bag can help Mom stay hands-free when shopping or hitting the town. This pretty light blue option, from Dooney & Bourke, is lightweight and big enough to fit a smartphone, keys, lipstick and a small wallet.

17. Bearpaw Ladon Slippers, $35 (usually $50), Zappos

Mom's feet will feel extra cozy in these adorable pink suede slippers from Bearpaw.

18. Floral Candy Bento Box, $28, Sugarfina

A candy flower bouquet sounds delicious, doesn't it? This box includes gummies infused with rosé wine, dark chocolate caramels and peach-flavored gummies. Yum!

19. Foreo Luna 2, $169, Sephora

Mom can help turn back the clock with this anti-aging device from Foreo. Turn it on, add cleanser and let the wet brush rinse her face.

20. InstaShiatsu Massager, $131, Amazon

Relax, Mom! This rechargeable massager by TruMedic aims to get those kinks out. Now, that's a gift that keeps on giving.

21. LEUS Marble Yoga Mat Towel, $40, Amazon

If Mom loves to strike a pose, her downward-facing dog will look epic on this mock marble yoga towel.

22. Kneipp 6 Piece Herbal Bath Oil Set, $24, Amazon

Tell Mom to de-stress and enjoy some tub time with this six-piece herbal bath oil set from Kneipp. She can try all different scents — from lemon to lavender.

23. Eye Candy Set, $39, Sephora

Does Mom need a new look? If so, this limited-edition set from Sephora will surely make her bat her eyelashes in delight. The set includes nine products — including mascaras, eyeliners and eye shadows.

24. Lula's Garden Succulent Gift Box, $48, Amazon

Instead of a typical bouquet, why not send Mom a chic box of succulents? They require practically no maintenance, so even a brown-thumbed Mom can keep these plants looking healthy and happy.

25. Coral Poppy Paper Flowers, $3 per stem, Paper Source

How clever are these paper flowers? A pretty bunch of blooms that lives forever makes a fabulous gift for Mom.

26. Bedside Smartphone Vase, $32, UncommonGoods

This vase offers Mom the opportunity to mix a little nature with her technology. She can now charge her device while enjoying cheerful floral decor.

27. Ziggy Round Pendant, $85, Monica Vinader

A new take on the monogram necklace, you can actually personalize these pretty pendants with handwritten messages, names or initials.

28. Personalized Family Tree, $23, Amazon

This custom family tree print is a gift the whole family will enjoy. Plus, it'll look great as a piece of wall art!

29. Vineyard Vines Mother's Day Tee, $48, Nordstrom

She always has your back, right? Then a cozy tee with a special Mother's Day message on the back is sure to be a hit.

30. Customized Pie Baking Dish, $35, Personal Creations

Make sure Mom's (or Grandma's!) pies get the credit they deserve. These customized pie baking dishes proudly display the name of your favorite baker.

31. Golden Mom Custom Photo Art, $24+, Minted

Mom will go bananas for this cool, sentimental print. Pick your favorite photos and personalize them with sweet messages.

32. Custom Photo Leggings, $60, Zazzle

Now, this is a truly unique pair of leggings! With pictures of her favorite pooch or her favorite children, these are guaranteed to make her smile.

33. Nadiri Initial Pendant Necklace, $45, Nordstrom

Who doesn't need a little more sparkle in their life? These initial pendant necklaces come in gold, rose gold and silver.

34. AncestryDNA, $69 (usually $99), Ancestry

Give Mom the gift of discovering more about her (and your) heritage with a membership to Ancestry.com. She can explore the roots of her family tree and research fun facts about her genealogy.

35. DIY Photo Bookmark, free, Style Me Pretty Living

These little DIY photo bookmarks are precious and practically free! Mom will smile every time she marks her page.

36. Sahara Gold Loafer, $165, Rothy's

Even Meghan Markle, the new Duchess of Sussex, adores these travel-friendly and sustainably made flats. Though Meghan opted for classic black, your mom might be drawn to leopard, neon or the new Sahara Gold style.

37. "I'm a Cool Mom" T-shirt, $20, Amazon

Do you have a cool mom? Or a mom who thinks she's a cool mom? Either way, this T-shirt featuring our favorite "Mean Girls" quote has you covered.

38. Organic Cotton Mommy-and-Me Apron Set, $22, Amazon

Mom will love twinning with her favorite little chef. Just think about how cute the mommy-and-daughter Instagram photos will be!

39. The Hampton Popcorn Co. White Truffle Parmesan Popcorn Tin, $23, Sur La Table

Warning: This gallon tub of white truffle Parmesan popcorn is dangerously delicious. Mom may find it difficult to keep her hand out this of the festively striped tin. But if you play your cards right, she might even share.

40. Mother Nature Gift Box, $84, Mouth

Mouth is our go-to indie food purveyor, and we can't get enough of its tasty curated gift boxes. This yummy mix includes bites ranging from gourmet almonds to herbal tea.

41. Rifle Paper Co. Citrus Floral Recipe Tin, $34, Amazon

Help Mom keep track of her favorite recipes with this attractive tin. You can even add a few of your favorites (so she can cook them) to get her started.

42. Ecovacs Deebot Robotic Vacuum Cleaner, $230, Amazon

Mom will sing your praises each time she puts her feet up and lets the Ecovacs Deebot vacuum her floor. Bonus: She can control it from her smartphone.

43. Stripe Slim Battery Bank, $48, Amazon

This gift offers a stylish solution for moms who never pick up the phone because their "battery was dead."

44. Inscape Meditation App, $13, iTunes

Give Mom the gift of wellness with a meditation app. It makes meditation easy for people who would otherwise be too intimidated to try it.

45. Orbit Selfie Button and Key Finder, $13, Amazon

This trusty gadget ensures that Mom will never misplace her keys again. The smart device also offers a selfie button. Yes, moms take selfies, too.

RELATED:

To discover more deals, shopping tips and budget-friendly product recommendations, download the new TODAY app and subscribe to our Stuff We Love newsletter!

