https://web.archive.org/web/20180508235226/https://www.forbes.com/sites/msolomon/2018/05/08/celebrities-at-the-2018-cannes-film-festival-best-dressed-red-carpet/

Michael Solomon

Celebrities at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival

Perhaps they should call it the Can't Film Festival this year. As the legendary cinema competition opened today on the French Riviera, there are some new rules that celebrities, attendees and studios will have to follow.

First among them—quelle horreur!—selfies are no longer allowed on the red carpet. But given how many paparazzi descend on the Croisette each year, getting a photo to prove you attended, shouldn't be that hard to come by. Next, there will be no press screenings in advance of the premieres, a change that could actually be an improvement as critics will not be able to influence negative opinions of films until an actual audience has seen it. (Presumably, this will prevent some early booing.) And the final change is a ban on Netflix films, which was announced last year but which will be implemented in 2018. The streaming company can still submit films to the festival, but no movie will be eligible in the main competition unless a studio commits to a French theatrical release.

Among the buzziest movies that Cate Blanchett, jury president of the main competition, and her fellow jurors (including Kristen Stewart, Lea Seydoux and director Ava Duvernay) will be judging are BlacKkKlansman, Spike Lee's drama about a black detective (played by John David Washington, son of Denzel) who infiltrates the Ku Klux Klan and eventually heads up a local chapter.

Everybody Knows, a Spanish-language thriller starring Javier Bardem and Penelope Cruz, that opened the festival and brought out lots of celebrities, including Julianne Moore, Benicio Del Toro, Chloe Sevigny and director Martin Scorsese.

And one of the true treats for cinephiles is the return of the French New Wave legend Jean-Luc Godard. The now 87-year-old auteur—who helped shut down the festival in 1968 in sympathy with protests in Paris—returns with an experimental film called The Image Book.

Among the many controversies the festival will also have to navigate this year is the #MeToo movement. Not only was Harvey Weinstein a ubiquitous figure at Cannes in the past, but the festival's record of supporting women directors has not exactly been strong. Despite the fact that Blanchett is head of the jury, only three films competing for the Palme d'Or were directed by women.

"They are not there because of their gender," Blanchett said at the festival's opening news conference. "They are there because of the quality of their work. We will assess them as filmmakers, as we should." She continued, "Would I like to have more women displayed? Absolutely. But we are dealing with what we have this year. Our job as industry members away from this festival is to help with change."

