https://www.mirror.co.uk/tv/tv-news/teen-mum-contracts-gangrene-deadly-12551531

Frances Kindon, Image, E, Backgrid, Entertainment

Teen mum contracts GANGRENE when deadly tummy tuck and boob job goes dangerously wrong in most stomach-churning Botched yet

Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

A teenage mum contracted a stomach-churning case of gangrene after undergoing a potentially deadly tummy tuck and boob job.

Krystle was left her scarred and infected after the botched procedure, which was supposed to get rid of her stretch marks and fix her tubular-shaped breasts.

"I just wanted them to fix the problem and then, you know, they were already gonna be there, put implants in as well," Krystal - who signed up for the surgery after giving birth to her son at 15 - tells E!'s Botched, in one of its most shocking episodes yet.

But things went dangerously wrong when doctors decided to fit her breast implants through the incision they'd made for the tummy tuck, leaving her massively susceptible to complications.

(Image: E! Entertainment / BACKGRID) (Image: E! Entertainment / BACKGRID) (Image: E!)

"Placing implants through a tummy tuck incision, in my opinion, it's never a good idea because it's a long way to go and the chance of a complication is really high," Dr Terry Dubrow told her.

And when he learned that the surgery took a staggering 12 hours, he shockingly revealed she could actually have died right there on the operating table.

"Krystle's last surgery could have literally been her last surgery. Eight hours is the time when risks start to go up of anesthesia complications and difficulties from prolonged recovery," he explained.

(Image: E! Entertainment / BACKGRID) (Image: E!)

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

After thankfully surviving the surgery, a second problem occurred when nurses insisted she take a shower, despite her wounds.

"So the next day, the nurse wakes me up and she says, 'Shower time,'" Krystle recalled.

"There you go. There's one of the reasons it got an infection," Dr Paul Nassif confirmed to Dr Dubrow.

The ensuing gangrene left Krystle with a scar that resembled The Joker, and she was so disfigured that she couldn't even wear a bikini.

What's more, she later learned that the surgeon who operated on her had recently had a stroke.

Thankfully Dr Dubrow was able to fix Krytle's scars, giving her another chance to rock it in a two-piece.

