https://www.harpersbazaar.com/celebrity/latest/a20754831/meghan-markle-mother-doria-ragland-sitting-alone-royal-wedding/

Eileen Reslen

Why Meghan Markle's Mother, Doria Ragland, Sat Alone at the Royal Wedding

Doria Ragland was the only member of Meghan Markle's side of the family to attend the royal wedding, but the mother of the bride did not mind sitting alone as she watched her daughter marry Prince Harry.

Ragland, who wore a stunning pastel green Oscar de la Renta dress and coat (designed by creative directors Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia), took her seat in the second row of one of the side pews inside St. George's Chapel, where Markle and Harry's wedding took place Saturday.

Her seat was reportedly right across from Harry's grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, who sat beside her husband, Prince Philip.



Love that the Queen and Doria Ragland are in the same colour. And they’ll be sitting in the same positions on opposite sides of the aisle. #RoyalWedding — Elaine L. (@LaineyGossip) May 19, 2018

Cameras captured Ragland as she was overcome with emotion throughout the ceremony, particularly when Markle and Harry exchanged their vows.

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle exchange vows #royalwedding pic.twitter.com/Iev31Y6KOz — Liam Edwards (@Ed_7991) May 19, 2018

On social media, people commended Markle's mother for attending and sitting at the wedding alone. Ragland and Markle's father, Thomas Markle Sr., divorced in 1987, and it was announced that he was unable to attend the wedding after suffering a heart attack earlier this week.

"Beautifiully [sic] dressed Doria sitting alone in such a beautiful historical moment shows strength, & grace that must be an inspiration to Meghan," one user wrote. "This is the reality of many single parents."

"Kudos to #DoriaRagland for sitting there alone representing," another said. "It can't be easy with all that pressure and scrutiny."

Beautifiully dressed Doria sitting alone in such a beautiful historical moment shows strength, & grace that must be an inspiration to Meghan. This is the reality of many single parents #RoyalWedding #DoriaRagland — Vina St. Fran (@Vinastfran) May 19, 2018

Kudos to #DoriaRagland for sitting there alone representing. It can't be easy with all that pressure and scrutiny. #RoyalWedding — AgnesMagnusson (@mixedupnuts2) May 19, 2018

Royal expert Alastair Bruce spoke with Town and Country leading up to the nuptials, and explained how much input Markle and Harry have in deciding who gets invited and who sits where at the wedding.



"It’s very much a matter for the bride and the groom," Bruce said, adding that the couple enlists the help of The Lord Chamberlain's Office when deciding the seating chart. "They will assist him. They know the layout of St. George’s Chapel, and they will guide him."



