https://www.glamour.com/story/4-times-prince-harry-made-us-swoon-at-the-well-his-royal-wedding

Condé Nast, Stacey Leasc

4 Times Prince Harry Made Us Swoon at the (Well, His) Royal Wedding

As the guest also noted, the event was “more than you would ever imagine it to be. It did feel like we were really part of their very special occasion. It just felt about the two of them, which was great.”

The fact that he invited his exes to the ceremony:

Cressida Bonas arrives for the wedding ceremony of Britain's Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex and US actress Meghan Markle at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, in Windsor, on May 19, 2018. (Photo by Ian West / POOL / AFP) (Photo credit should read IAN WEST/AFP/Getty Images) IAN WEST

It's clear that Prince Harry is beloved by all, and that apparently includes his ex-girlfriends. In fact, at least two of them were invited to the royal wedding and even showed up for the ceremony.

Both Chelsy Davy and Cressida Bonas, who each dated Prince Harry while he was in his 20s, attended the big day. Harry dated Davy on and off from 2011 to 2014, and he dated Bonas from 2012 to 2014 (the relationship allegedly ended because she wasn't quite ready to go full royal), which, TBH, is fair.

WINDSOR, ENGLAND - MAY 19: Chelsy Davy (C) arrives at the wedding of Prince Harry to Ms Meghan Markle at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle on May 19, 2018 in Windsor, England. Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales marries Ms. Meghan Markle in a service at St George's Chapel inside the grounds of Windsor Castle. Among the guests were 2200 members of the public, the royal family and Ms. Markle's Mother Doria Ragland. (Photo by Chris Jackson/Getty Images) Chris Jackson

Though it's reported that neither ex was invited to the intimate reception tonight, it's still nice to see that Harry left those relationships in a kind and respectful enough way that they'd both come to support him on his wedding day. Then again, of course he would.

Related Content:

All the Best Royal Wedding Moments—From the Ceremony to the Kiss

The Best-Dressed Guests at the Royal Wedding

Your First Look at Meghan Markle's Stunning Reception Dress Is Here

