https://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-moms/news/cardi-b-gives-birth-welcomes-first-child-with-offset/

Erin Crabtree

Cardi B Gives Birth, Welcomes First Child With Offset





Her biggest project yet just dropped! Cardi B gave birth to her first child with husband Offset on Tuesday, July 10.

The “Bodak Yellow” rapper welcomed a girl named Kulture Kiari. She announced the news via Instagram with a nude photo of herself cradling her baby bump.

Cardi kept her pregnancy under wraps for months before finally revealing her bump during her stint as a musical guest on an April episode of Saturday Night Live. “I’m finally free!” the 25-year-old remarked as she walked off stage from her performance.

Shortly after the happy news was confirmed, Cardi and her sister, Hennessy Carolina, began hinting that the artist was expecting a baby girl. The “Be Careful” rapper confirmed the sex of her little one in a May interview on Howard Stern’s SiriusXM radio show.

In the months leading up to her daughter’s arrival, the “Finesse” rapper canceled several performances. “Shorty keep growing and I be looking like I be moving and everything, but in reality, a bitch barely can breathe,” she told her followers in an April Instagram video.

The expectant mom didn’t completely quit working, though. “She’s been taking a ton of meetings with designers for her Fashion Nova Line,” a source told Us Weekly in May. “She’s stopped doing shows, but she isn’t letting the pregnancy slow her down.” Us also exclusively reported at the time that Cardi was due in July.

The “I Like It” rapper confirmed in June that she and Offset, 26, secretly married in September 2017. “There are so many moments that I share with the world and then there are moments that I want to keep for myself! Getting married was one of those moments!” she wrote in a Twitter note at the time. “Our relationship was so new breaking up and making up and we had a lot of growing up to do but we was so in love we didn’t want to lose each other.”

She continued: “Was one morning in September we woke up and decided to get married. We found someone to marry us, and she did, just the two of us and my cousin. I said I do, with no dress, no makeup and no ring!”

Offset publicly proposed to the artist one month after their top-secret wedding in October 2017 during a Philadelphia concert. Video of what appeared to be the Migos rapper — who has three children from previous relationships — in bed with another woman emerged not long after, but Cardi chose to stick with her husband.

For the latest TV news and interviews, subscribe to our new podcast “Watch With Us” below



