https://www.usatoday.com/story/life/people/2018/06/21/kate-spade-funeral-held-kansas-city-father-dies-night-before/723211002/



Rachel Brosnahan honors aunt Kate Spade and grandfather, who died on eve of her funeral

Andrea Mandell

USA TODAY

Under rainy skies, designer Kate Spade was laid to rest in her hometown of Kansas City on Thursday.

Hundreds of mourners gathered at Our Lady of Perpetual Help Parish Redemptorist Church, with many clutching their Kate Spade bags in tribute, according to the Kansas City Star.

Tragically, Spade's father, Earl F. Brosnahan, Jr. died Wednesday night at the age of 89.

A family spokesman said he had been "in failing health of late and was heartbroken over the recent death of his beloved daughter."

Actress Rachel Brosnahan, his granddaughter, paid tribute to him in an Instagram post late Thursday that also mentioned Spade.

"He was a man of few words, but when he spoke a whole room leaned in. He was tough as nails but gentle as can be, stubborn as a mule, and had a wicked sense of humor," she wrote. "He will be deeply, deeply missed. I’d like to think that he and Katy are out there somewhere singing an off key rendition of 'Danny Boy' and sharing a pint."

Kate Spade:Famous relatives David Spade, Rachel Brosnahan pay tribute to 'Katy'

Spade was found dead by suicide on June 5 in her New York City home. She was 55 and had a teenage daughter and husband.

Her funeral was held in the same location where Spade's grandparents wed, the family previously said.

Comedian/actor David Spade, the designer's brother-in-law, was in attendance.

A high school classmate attending the service told the Associated Press that Spade was "incredibly kind" and had a memorable laugh. Spade admirers, including Olivia Lott, also were part of the crowds of people hovering under large, black umbrellas outside the church, many of them wearing Spade-designed accessories.

"I just feel like her vocation was to fill the world with beautiful things," Lott said to the AP, echoing sentiments expressed earlier this month by friends and fans who described her as vibrant and colorful, like the designs that made her famous.

Under cover of umbrella, the designer's remains were carried into the service in a white ceramic urn.

The funeral program featured a black and white portrait of Spade with her daughter, and program notes said a eulogy was planned by her husband, Andy.

"Imagine," described to attendees as "Katy's favorite song," was to be performed while the service opened with the Christmas carol “The First Noel.”

Spade was born on Christmas Eve in 1962 and her middle name was Noel.

"All of her life, Katy was thrilled to be a Christmas Eve baby, thus her middle name," read program notes. "We welcome her home with a song that celebrates those two facets of her legacy."

Andy Spade said earlier this month that his wife had long suffered from depression and anxiety, but that she had been seeing a doctor regularly and was taking medication.

He said he and his wife had been living separately in the 10 months before her death but saw each other or spoke every day. He said they were not legally separated and never discussed divorce.

Kate Spade New York announced plans to donate $1 million to support suicide prevention and mental health awareness causes.

Contributing: The Associated Press

