https://www.usatoday.com/story/life/people/2018/10/18/david-beckham-calls-marriage-victoria-beckham-hard-work/1688544002/



David Beckham calls 19-year marriage to Victoria Beckham 'hard work'

Cydney Henderson

USA TODAY

David Beckham is opening up about the secret to his long marriage with Victoria Beckham.

"To have been married for the amount of time that we have, you know, it's always hard work," Beckham said during a sneak peek of an interview with Australia's The Sunday Project, which is set to air this weekend.

The former soccer player and Posh Spice, who have been hitched for 19 years and have four children together, frequently deflect breakup rumors that have intensified over the past year.

However, Beckham acknowledged their relationship is complex. "It becomes a little more complicated," the former athlete said during the teaser.

Related: Fake celeb breakup rumors are tricking Twitter users to click on voter registration sites

He also discussed the power couple's children – sons Brooklyn, 19, Romeo, 16, and Cruz, 13, and daughter Harper, 7 – and his journey through fatherhood.

"Sometimes it’s the little things that make a big difference,” Beckham said. “I’ve noticed that with my children. … The thing we have to do is protect our children.”

Most recently, Victoria Beckham squashed speculation in June that the couple was heading toward divorce with an adorable Instagram post of her hugging Harper with an equally gushy caption: "We love and miss u @davidbeckham."

"People have been making things up about our relationship for 20 years, so David and I are pretty used to ignoring the nonsense and just carrying on as normal," the fashion designer said in her October cover story for British Vogue. "But these things have a wider effect on the people around us, and that's unfair."

She continued: "We are much stronger – the six of us – than we would be if we were individuals. We respect that family bond, and that is key."

Related: Duchess Meghan gets frightened, causes a stir during royal tour in Australia

