https://www.express.co.uk/showbiz/tv-radio/1043323/The-Sinner-season-2-Netflix-why-isnt-Jessica-Biel-in-the-new-series-Cora-Tannetti

Molli Mitchell

The Sinner season 2: Why isn't Jessica Biel in the new series?

The Sinner season two is currently streaming on Netflix now. All eight episodes dropped on Netflix this morning (Friday, August 3) at 8am, so fans of the thriller series are able to binge-watch over the weekend. But unfortunately, there is no sign of Jessica Biel in The Sinner season two.

The Sinner season 1 recap: What happened in the first series?

Biel was nominated for a Golden Globe for best actress in a miniseries for her portrayal of Cora in season one of The Sinner.

Season one followed the story Cora Tannetti played by Jessica Biel, which is also available to stream and download on Netflix now.

You can sign up to a month free trial of Netflix to watch seasons one and two of The Sinner. Afterwards, you can subscribe for £5.99 per month.

WARNING: This article contains spoilers about The Sinner season one.

Cora randomly stabs a man to death on the beach and Detective Harry Ambrose (played by Bill Pullman) takes on her case, trying to figure out why she has done it.

The plot of season one was a one ended story, with Cora receiving two years in a psychiatric facility, avoiding a 30-year jail sentence.

Therefore, season two sees Detective Harry Ambrose take on a brand new case, involving a double murder in his hometown of Keller, New York.

This means Jessica Biel does not appear in the new series of The Sinner.

Instead, she continues as Executive Producer on the show.

Speaking to Variety, Biel said: “We did talk a lot about does Cora come back for season two and what is the relationship because that's what was interesting to me.

“What happens when a woman goes through that? What is life like after that when the only person really in her life that she can connect with, even besides her husband, is the detective who got her out of this thing? But we just couldn't do it this particular season.”

WHO IS IN THE NEW CAST OF THE SINNER?

