http://www.bravotv.com/the-real-housewives-of-new-york-city/lookbook/dorinda-medley-ramona-singer-carole-radziwill-sell-clothing-on-thredup

Tamara Palmer

Yup, You Can Buy Clothes Worn by Dorinda Medley, Ramona Singer, and Carole Radziwill

Some of The Real Housewives of New York City fashionistas' most recognizable looks are up for sale.

This week brings an amazing chance to get glammed up like The Real Housewives of New York City! Carole Radziwill, Ramona Singer and Dorinda Medley have all donated items of clothing worn on the show and straight out of their closets to be sold by thredUP. (Luann de Lesseps has also donated some special items of clothing which will be sold at a later date.) Each Housewife gets to choose her favorite charity for the proceeds to be donated. Items have been priced to start from $5.99 to $600 and include luxe names including Balanciaga and Diane von Furstenberg.

There are some real gems, but you'll have to act fast! Here are some of the most memorable items up for grabs:

Carole Radziwill

Carole's sale started Tuesday, July 24, and it's all about the two-piece gold sequinned mermaid gown that she wore to the Staten Island Mermaid Parade. “I wore this when I was queen of the Staten Island Mermaid Parade," Carole told thredUP. "It was such an incredible experience. Nearly 700,000 people showed up to watch the parade. I had so much fun wearing it, but I think it’s time for it to go since when would I ever wear it again? Actually I did wear the skirt (without the bathing suit top) to a wedding and it was a huge hit." Can you pull it off? Check it out here!

Dorinda Medley

Dorinda's sale launches Wednesday, July 25, and her smart Mary Katrantzou dress is a winner. "One of the pieces I’m selling on thredUP is this Mary Katrantzou dress," Dorinda explained. "I wore this dress at Luann and Tom’s final party to celebrate their wedding. I told Luann no more parties after this one ... I am so happy to donate this dress, I don’t need anything with negative energy in my wardrobe.”

Ramona Singer

Ramona's sale begins on Thursday, July 26, with a gorgeous floral dress that she wore at the very beginning of RHONY. "I wore one of the pieces I’m selling with thredUP to the Hampton Classic in the first season. The women made fun of my outfit and it really hurt my feelings! It was rude, and also just incorrect because the outfit actually looked great on me.” We think it's lovely, and will find a great home.

